---
title: "I Just Bought This Stock You Never Heard Of…"
channel: "One of the companies operating in this fast-rising space is Ondas. I really like what they’re building, so full disclosure, I became a shareholder this week. "
channel_slug: anthony-pompliano
video_id: IUiY-ya3U7Y
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUiY-ya3U7Y
upload_date: 2026-03-13
duration: "22:58"
description: "After doing a lot of research, I’ve become convinced that autonomous systems and drones are going to reshape how countries, especially the United States, defend themselves. From land to sea to air, these technologies will fundamentally change how militaries monitor threats and respond to them."
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# I Just Bought This Stock You Never Heard Of…

**Channel:** One of the companies operating in this fast-rising space is Ondas. I really like what they’re building, so full disclosure, I became a shareholder this week. 
**Date:** 2026-03-13
**Duration:** 22:58
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUiY-ya3U7Y

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Hello everyone. Today we've got a very special treat. We've got Eric Brock who's the CEO of Andis. Now is a very interesting company in the drone and autonomy space. They basically are trying to figure out how do we use new technology both on the battlefield and at home to mitigate risks. Now the reason why I wanted to talk to Eric is because I recently bought stock in his company after doing a bunch of research because I believe that drone technology and autonomy on the battlefield are two trends that are going to have a decade plus long run here. And so bringing Eric on to explain what the business is, what the risks are, how exactly he's building this thing. I'm very excited for all of you to hear his understanding of what the opportunity here is. So here's my conversation with Eric Brock. We're live today from the desk of Anthony Pompiano. Before we get into today's episode, I need your help. This conversation with Eric is going to be exquisite. A+, but I need you to hit the subscribe button so more people can watch it. Hit the subscribe button and let's get into this conversation with Eric. Eric, thanks for taking the time to do this. I thought a great place to start is let's talk about the drone market in general. Obviously, there has been a rapid rise in both the use of drones, the need to prevent the threat of drones, and a rise of autonomy when it comes to the battlefield. We're seeing this play out right now in the Iran conflict, most uh notably. How do you think about it as somebody who's been building in this space and thinking about this space for a long time? Is this a validation point for all this technology or do you have some concerns maybe as to how this is all developing? &gt;&gt; Uh great place to start and uh why don't I just say firstly um thank you for having me on the program. Um so so yeah, so let's talk about the drone market. Um the drone market is massive. It's in the tens if not hundreds of billions of dollars. And when I talk about drones, I'm talking about aerial platforms. I'm talking about um uh ground robots. I'm talking about things that float in the water, USVs. I'm talking about all the critical components that come need to come together to make these u uh these systems scalable in the field so our customers can deploy them for great effect and the fact of the matter is **[2:03]** effect and the fact of the matter is these markets have been huge forever. Uh the but at the same time we haven't penetrated those markets because this technology is complex. It's deep technology. It's the it's the integration of software and hardware. you know, getting a drone to fly, getting it to do it safely, reliably, and then getting it to do something useful takes a lot of time, energy, talent, capital, and that's what you've seen in the industry up in I'd say for the last 10 plus years. And of course, and has been part of that. So now, as the technologies been maturing uh in in in we're seeing that all day long, the military is really accelerating that because of the critical uh capabilities and the value it brings. Um, you know, we're starting to see investors say, "Oh, wow. There's an adoption curve." But you have to remember we've just scratched the surface and we're just coming out now proving that these technologies are are are are useful and reliable. Um so what does that mean? It means the market is in the first inning of a multi-uyear of a multi-uyear probably a decade long adoption curve. And this is a market that's going to be very similar to a lot of the markets that your investors over time have have been involved in going back to the personal computer um you know uh say the cloud, social media and and so forth. Um and that informs our strategy right what we're trying to do is kind of take that leadership what we're doing actually I'll emphasize this this is important context we're moving from developing the technology platforms which has largely been venture funded to uh to an adoption cycle which is growth capital and that's where is trying to play and create competitive advantage competitive advantage &gt;&gt; now I am a new shareholder of the company and as I was doing research I was very I think impressed by and and thought uh it was very smart the strategy in which you guys are employing here and Maybe I can tell you what my take was and then you kind of correct me as uh as I describe it, but essentially I look at your business and it seems like you've got a lot of cash somewhere around a billion and a half dollars or so of cash. And rather than go and build a team that is full of engineers and you know aeronautical experts and kind of you know the people who would go build drones or autonomous systems, it seems much more like you are coming at this **[4:04]** much more like you are coming at this from having built an M&amp;A team and a business development team and then you are just rolling up the industry getting all of these technologies on your platform and then you are going and using that business development team to go sell into whether it's corporate or military and government contracts. Is that like a fair way to think about your business? business? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're right. But um I'll I'll put some finer points on that uh because we're not I don't like to use the term rollup. Uh and I don't even like to use the term consolidation although that's you know certainly the vision we see. What we're building is a scalable operating platform and I think that's a critical need for this market. So getting back to my last comment we have spent 10 plus years uh doing foundational work to de develop these complex technologies. Along the way we've created many hundreds of of of I'll call them drone companies. again air ground all the stuff that has to come together for for the drone economy to scale. Uh so but we built technology platforms we have not built businesses and it's very difficult to build a drone business and for us as um you know as deployers of growth capital you know the technology risk that cycle's already happened. It's it's not time in my opinion to start a new drone company. It's now time to make these operational. Um so what we're doing is building out the the the sales and marketing. If you have more than one revenue stream, multiple revenue streams to to use that operating capital efficiently. You know, it's it's a much different financial model, that's something investor can back and actually uh you know see upside in, right? Value creation. So again, sales and marketing supply chain there supply chain scaling that is incredibly important as you're well aware in this environment where we've gone through 20 plus years of really uh de-industrializing and that's well that's been well documented. We now have to address that with these critical technologies. This is a matter of national security. We can't do that with a cottage industry. So companies like Andos need to aggregate these capabilities and then present ourselves to critical component suppliers, manufacturing partners so we can get that scale, get lower unit economics, you know, lower unit economics which feed that financial model. I can say the same thing about field services. If you **[6:05]** same thing about field services. If you have one drone, it might be the best drone in the world, but you can't staff the team and can. So that creates the competitive advantages, but it's more than that. is is is an essential need. Uh and we're going to see a handful of companies like Andas emerge and it's important. So, but we do think we're kind of, you know, getting out front here in the in the financial model we built around this is really powerful. &gt;&gt; Now, you guys recently announced a partnership with Palunteer. Talk a little bit about, you know, your strategy of obviously you guys are going selling direct, but also you're partnering with some other big players in the industry. in the industry. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is uh really critical and it and it comes at the right point and it makes all the sense in the world. So if you see what Andis has been doing as a a consolidator, uh we've been building an aerial aerero portfolio. So we have ISR drones, we have strike drones, we have oneway aectors that are, you know, longer endurance, meaning they can go further distances. Uh we have ground robots, we have a manackable ground robot that was designed to go in tunnels and of course that's a that's a new uh cap that's a new thing you have to defend against uh if you're a military or even homeland security on borders. Um, we've got uh wheeled robots, some small, some are large. Some carry or multi-function, including having remote weapon stations. So, you can put those out in the field and you can put the robots, the bots before the boots, right? So, there so the soldiers are protected, you know, commanding this autonomous or unmanned equipment from a distance that they're they're safe. Uh, but as we're doing that, counter drone platforms, we begin to uh integrate them into system to system. So, the air and ground come together. And when you're doing that, you're really solving an important uh pain point for the customer. If we're just throwing here's all your, you know, here's your dozens of drones, here's your ground robots, and then we tell them to put it together, that's a big challenge. It slows the market adoption curve. But to do that in a systems assistance way, bringing in Palunteer with their incredible capabilities on the you know the Maven systems they have uh which is you know the AI backbone for um for the US military you know bringing the command and control capabilities so you can um you know you know manage these nodes in the air and ground you know are all incredibly valuable and we can do **[8:06]** all incredibly valuable and we can do that at scale because Palunteer has already been creating these markets and they really accelerate the the the techn technology solutions but also the go to market right they're accelerating ing uh our program capture. So, it's a fantastic partnership. We've been working really hard and we're meeting a need for the market in Palunteer uh specifically. specifically. &gt;&gt; Now, when I think about who you're selling to, obviously you're selling to governments and you're selling to corporate clients. Uh what I find fascinating is the government clients tend to be, you know, large contracts. They tend to be multi-year. They tend to be very good credit rating and they're going to pay you, you know, if you deliver what you're supposed to deliver. Um what about on the corporate side? What do those look like? You know, I think people understand military contracts, but what about on the corporate? corporate? &gt;&gt; The corporate side is can be the same or can be different. Uh so uh and and let me just emphasize, you're right, Anthony, we are a dualpurpose company. Now, not every platform we have is um is is going to be utilized by the military and homeland security and public safety and critical infrastructure. So, for example, we have a strike drone. The public New York Police Department or LAPD, they're not using the strike drone anytime soon. Um but but at the same time we have counter drone technologies. So you can protect military bases and borders. You can use the counter drone technologies on the battlefield in the front lines. You also need to use these um you can deploy these at critical infrastructure locations and civilian infrastructure. So that's airports, that's maritime ports, that's data centers, that's oil refineries and there's just countless number of critical locations, population centers, stadiums that uh amusement parks. These all need to be protected. So the models change very often um in the when you're when you're selling to the the the department of war um and the armed services branches uh they like to own and operate right so they're going to be buying because this is a matter of national security they're integrating you know um you know sensitive technology so they want to own and operate we do have u recurring revenue around systems maintenance and there's certain services we can provide certainly sustainment uh but when you go to say the the private sector commercial **[10:08]** to say the the private sector commercial sector very often you to deploy that as a as a service. Uh so those models um you know do do sort of blend at times and be specific. Uh we have a lot of flexibility to go go to the market both ways. I will say say this Anthony even on the system sales that we're we're targeting again it's a mixture of as a service and and the system sale uh that has very strong elements of recurring uh um revenue and and and high margins. Um and so so if you think about the counter drone technologies I I'll drill down into that. You know we have so many locations to protect uh you know we we can't look at this and say okay all of a sudden now we know that uh there's threats from the air we have to protect all these locations. We've we've matured the technology now we're going to deploy it and over the next 12 or 18 months all these locations going to be dep uh protected. It's not there's just it's just too much to do. So we're going to be on a on a really a 10-year infrastructure buildout. So for us, when we get captured business, whether it's going to be with the uh uh Department of War in the in the armed services branches or homeland security, public safety or or or commercial markets, civilian uh infrastructure, uh we're going to we capture the program, then we expand, right? So every year they're building out the infrastructure. Uh and obviously today prioritizing most sensitive locations. Uh but this is a this is a a a decade long investment cycle. And then as we as we deploy infrastructure, you have to maintain it, you have to service it, you have to upgrade it, and that's going to present all sorts of business opportunities for us uh you know to to really uh you know serve the customers with their security needs. needs. &gt;&gt; Talk a little bit about the defense capabilities. You know, you've told me prior that um there's this idea of like a net that can be used or you can actually take over a drone potentially and help land it or do like a soft kill. Explain some of these counter drone technologies. technologies. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's uh that's that's great. So, um so we have defense uh defensive systems, we have security u protecting critical locations of populations. We also have the offensive uh but the um you know speaking speaking **[12:10]** uh but the um you know speaking speaking specifically about the defensive capabilities uh we have a a platform of counter drone uh technologies uh that ranges from what I call soft soft kill and soft hard kill. Uh the and this and essentially what we're doing is we're detecting the threat. So we have sensors that we've integrated into our solutions where uh um you know we can find uh you know the threat in space uh because you can't defend what you can't find. Uh and then of course on the mitigation with our our Centrics platform that's called cyber overr what we're able to do is is identify the the the hostile drone or the rogue drone and if it's crossing into some geo fenced restricted area we can actually override the uh encryption and capture that drone with an auto and take control of the autopilot and then we're not actually dropping the drone from the sky which we could just drop and you don't know where. We're actually taking it and then take um control of it. We land it in a pre-desated spot. And then of course we have it for forensics. Um but it's but that's the soft softkill. There's a massive market for that particularly on US soil. You don't want to drop things from the sky. You don't want to blow up uh you know say at at an NFL stadium if you don't have to. But the other system we have because you need the the counter drone technologies are all layered. I talked about sensors and detection. Also the mitigation is layered. So there's going to be certain threats that the cyber overr which I just explained are critical. other other systems uh will require a more kinetic system and that is the iron drone uh platform we have and that is autonomous platform where we where we're going through our um our decision tree right is all AI enabled it says okay this threat needs to be captured and what we're doing is sending that drone out at a a at a super fast speed it goes out and hunts the drone and when it f when it when it locates it sizes it up uh with and then it captures it with a net can have a parachute and then the drone comes back it can use it again. That meaning our interceptor drone. So that's a softer kill as opposed to going out. You know what **[14:11]** opposed to going out. You know what you're seeing today. Um if if you're turning on the news or getting getting on Twitter as I know um we all do when you see what's going on in Iran, that is a different that's a battlefield, right? That's where you get the full kinetic. You're getting Patriot missiles. You're getting these high-speed interceptor drones that have warheads on them. We do that as well, but this is not something that you're going to see widely deployed on US soil. So you're going to be see the softer mitigation the cyber overf netbased systems and that's where we're very well positioned. very well positioned. &gt;&gt; Talk a little bit about um obviously the idea of mines in the ocean or in the straighter hermos is uh very topical right now but you guys have some technology I think that can go in the sea. You've got some technology that are like dogs that can go into a building you know maybe before a SWAT team or a military unit. Like how do you think about those fitting in with what people think of as you know traditional drones that fly in the sky? &gt;&gt; Yeah sure. So this is certainly an area of interest for us. We haven't ar architected the mitigation uh yet in in the water and you know we but we do have relationships with folks who have uh so we do see that as an area of investment for us and let's see where where we go. Um but when we're talking more broadly about um you know the philosophy here and what what what we can bring to the marketplace uh in terms of capabilities around robotics it is about you know taking a soldier off the front line uh and let's look look at Ukraine and this has been well documented that that zero line in Ukraine uh is is desolate now right we used to fight battles with tanks and and and guns and now the drone is has been had such a dramatic impact over the last two or three years that zero line, you know, there's 10 to 20 kilometers on either side of it and in the in in the the the adversaries are pushed back to and basically the distance of the drone. So, you know, however that that quadcopter, that strike drone, however long we can make that fly with either wireless link or now fiber optics uh in battery life, that's how far everybody has to get uh apart. So, so what we're doing here is, **[16:11]** apart. So, so what we're doing here is, you know, trying to protect the soldiers, but at some some point there's there's places where you actually have to go in. So, take the war in Gaza for example. That was a ground war that is um you know, and that was uh done in urban uh combat. Uh and we're able to go into the tunnels of Gaza, the dangerous buildings uh and and put the the the robotic dog. We're putting wheeled robots um in into these environments. And we can do that. We can keep the soldiers back. So that's the bots before boots we talked about. All these trends are really uh just in barely in the first inning. Uh we're start we're just starting to mature these technologies. What often happens in in in combat environments, right? You have the pressure of war. This is a matter of of securing our our our families, our loved ones. So that accelerates some of the work and some of the maturation, the hardening and make in the reliability of these these sorts of systems. And we've been we've had the good fortune of being in those I say good fortune you know from a a business and capability because what we do is critical you know we want to advance this these technologies we want to harden them uh of course it's difficult for our families and we prefer peace uh but our mission our you know our job is to is is to mature these technologies and that that's what we've done so so when you look at our portfolio Anthony um you know that's where we sit we we we have operational technologies to fit all sorts of these use cases and as you think about the water where we've started That's area obviously an area of interest for us. interest for us. &gt;&gt; Now if I look at the actual financials of the business you guys have put out some guidance of 2026 revenue is somewhere 17180 million in revenue. Uh if I take the million and a half or so of cash that you have it seems like the business is trading somewhere depending on the stock price 17 or 18 times uh 2026 revenue. How do you think about where the sector goes in multiples and and kind of the uh potential future growth of the business as you guys continue to execute your strategy and and acquire more of these technologies? &gt;&gt; Sure. So yeah, terrific question. So you know we are investing and we've been very transparent and consistently um you know in executing. We're doing what we **[18:12]** know in executing. We're doing what we said around the financial model which is building a scaled operating platform and bringing in battle tested mission ready capabilities that can scale and grow faster on the platform than they would otherwise um in terms of investors and and what that does that mean for math around our P&amp;L and and financial outlook and our value creation. How are we going to build more market cap? This is very important. So um so when the companies come in we we not we underwrite them at a certain level and again they're going to be uh growing faster with resources and also have a faster path to profitability. So our operating model our financial model improves uh from a uh an operating margin perspective. It's not just high growth rates. Um when you're thinking about and and our guidance, it's going to be very hard to um to to use your traditional arithmetic. what was the last four quarters and how does that compare to uh to um you know the market capitalization. Same thing with okay what is the next 12 quarter or or four quarters you know how does that relate to the valuation because we have a lot of resources to deploy. We have $ 1.5 billion that's going to create a much bigger enterprise and we've already been doing that. So we've announced several acquisitions uh just two this last week and that is is going to add significant revenue to that that outlook we gave just in January. And so what you're going to see as you're moving through the year and into 2027 is the numbers. We we we and this is a very deliberate strategy. We derisk this for investors. We derisk this for ourselves. We have core growth. So everything we that brings comes into the platform into Andos has these tailwinds around unmanned and autonomous systems adoption curves. So we're going to be growing that core at a very healthy rates. That's worth a high multiple. I think the market's going to give us a high multiple for that. I've seen this in other adoption uh technology adoption cycles before, but it it gets better because we have the wherewithal in this fragmented industry to acquire companies that are mature, have customers, and have revenue. And that's going to that what that means is, you know, every time we're, you know, we're giving you an **[20:12]** we're, you know, we're giving you an update every quarter, we should be doing better than we thought on the core, right? Because we can be conservative on our guidance and then we'll add more. Uh and these these these transactions are very accretive from a uh from a valuation standpoint. um you know we've we in the private markets the multiples are not what you're going to see for a consolidator like on us right so the the math around M&amp;A with this this M&amp;A arbitrage if you will is going to be compounding gains for our investors &gt;&gt; makes uh makes sense to me um I appreciate you taking time to do this I'm I'm very excited and as I said uh maybe I'm your newest shareholder so I appreciate you taking the time to uh to jump on and uh you know look it's from my perspective I always tell people whenever you are doing something that is this ambitious there's going to be obstacles and headwinds and there's going to be times where you know the business has got to kind of work through growing pains and integrations and scaling and and all that stuff but I do think that your point around uh it is very clear especially over the last couple of weeks right drone technology is going to become a very important part of the battlefield autonomy on the battlefield is going to become very important if that is technology that is used in the battlefield then it is going to become important at home in terms of the threat detection mitigation you know etc and so um what I find maybe most interesting about you guys is you're basically outsourcing the R&amp;D and the innovation to early stage companies and saying, "Hey, the ones that make it and kind of the the strongest ones, we will then go and we will acquire you and we will plug you into this platform that we've built that really will allow us to go and use the business development tools that you guys have in the team to go and then scale those businesses, which I think is a pretty smart um in a weird way kind of riskadjusted way to you know get exposure to an industry that's obviously going to become bigger over time. Anthony, firstly I'm thrilled to have you as an investor and what you just said is precisely right. Um and you know that's uh that's the model we're take, you know, putting together. We're de-risking the technology and the customer adoption and we're de-risking it via the balance sheet and we've got all these you know tailwinds that that are really going to contribute to um you know very significant growth in **[22:12]** know very significant growth in enterprise value. Um and I I I also appreciate what you said. This is not a straight line, right? We're we're you know what we're doing is hard. uh these end markets, we're really defining them, right? Because we're we're building the market, us and our peers. Uh so it's not going to be a straight line, but I do think directionally uh I'm very confident that we're going to go in the right direction. So, um so again, you know, thanks for thanks for uh thanks for, you know, investing in the company. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. All right, we'll talk soon, Eric. Thank you so much for doing this. Now, I promised you that this conversation was going to be exquisite. A+ and it was. Obviously, Eric is a stud. I'm excited to be a shareholder of his company now. and let's go on. But that's it for today's show.
