---
title: "Is This The Oil SHOCK That BREAKS The Economy?"
channel: "0:00 Intro"
channel_slug: anthony-pompliano
video_id: PqdqZMzNOKs
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqdqZMzNOKs
upload_date: 2026-03-09
duration: "11:46"
description: "Oil prices are surging in light of events in Iran and the Strait of Hormuz. Of course, the doomers are out in full force saying inflation is about to spike like 2022, and with it, the US (and global) economy will collapse. What's true? What's not? That's what today's episode is solely about. I'll te"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Is This The Oil SHOCK That BREAKS The Economy?

**Channel:** 0:00 Intro
**Date:** 2026-03-09
**Duration:** 11:46
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqdqZMzNOKs

---

## Transcript

**[0:02]** Hello everyone. The Iran conflict continues as oil prices surge higher. And that begs the most important question in finance right now. Will higher oil prices create destructive high inflation in the American economy? We're going to answer that question today. We're live today from the desk of Anthony Pompiano. Before we get into today's episode, I need your help. We currently have 44,771 people who have hit the subscribe button. But majority of you that watch this video, you're not subscribed. So, hit the subscribe button and let's get into today's conversation. into today's conversation. All right, ladies and gentlemen, the oil market is causing havoc in financial markets. Everyone is freaking out. No one knows what's happening, and too many people think that the world's ending. The doomsday predictors are out in full force. But before we get into what I think will happen and why I think the doomsday predictors are wrong, let's review how we got here. Everyone was celebrating back in January this year. Energy prices were falling. Gas prices at the pump, they had fallen more than 3% in the month. Gas prices were down over 7 and a half% in the trailing year. And that was providing much needed relief to the consumer. But all that has quickly reversed over the last month or so. Oil's up more than 60% in the last month. It's mainly driven by a 42% gain in oil over the last week. Gas prices have rocketed more than 14% higher during the last 7 days. And that brings the average price per gallon to more than $3.40 nationally. Now, it's no secret that the root cause of these price increases is the USIsrael tax on Iran. Iran produces between 3 and 1 half and 4 million barrels of oil per day. And that means that the country is responsible for about 4% of total global oil production. Now, 4% may sound small, but Iran is the sixth largest oil producing country in the world. They're on par with China's oil production output. And so when the US and Israel decided over the weekend to broaden their offensive from only military targets to now also including successful strikes on energy infrastructure and oil **[2:03]** strikes on energy infrastructure and oil depots, oil opened higher last night as you would expect. And normally we would be talking about $120 oil price this morning. But the G7 countries quickly addressed the issue and they announced that they were prepared to release 400 million barrels of oil into the global supply. Now, this immediate and drastic response of increasing supply has had a cooling effect on the oil market over the last 24 hours. Rather than waste time trying to predict the future of oil prices, though, I want to answer a single question for you. Will higher oil prices create destructive high inflation in the American economy? I think this is the single question that everyone wants an answer to. And to answer this question, we have to understand the relationship between oil prices and inflation. Thankfully, the World Bank published an analysis two years ago that examined the main drivers of global inflation. In the piece, they wrote the following. Oil price shocks were the main drivers of variation in global inflation. For instance, following a positive oil price shock of around 10%, global inflation increases by.35 percentage points and 0.55 percentage points within 3 years. In addition, oil prices and global demand shocks were the main drivers of movements in global inflation around every single global recession since 1970, 75, 82, 91, 2009, and 2020. Now, this World Bank analysis would suggest that inflation is going much higher considering oil is up recently much more than 10%. But maybe there's more to the story. I think so. So, let's keep investigating here. The Federal Reserve tends to believe that oil prices can have a big impact on domestic inflation, not just global. The central bank wrote a blog post titled, "Does oil drive inflation?" And they explained the relationship between oil prices and domestic inflation. They said that there's a strong positive relationship between oil prices and PPI. That is higher oil prices are associated with higher producer prices and vice versa. Now, in contrast, they say there's a positive but much weaker relationship between oil prices and consumer inflation. That correlation is only 27 which is lower than the producer **[4:04]** only 27 which is lower than the producer prices. So, the Fed acknowledges a significantly weaker relationship significantly weaker relationship between oil prices and consumer inflation. And that brings me to a very important point. If we learned one thing from 2025, it is that the economy is much more resilient than you think. And high inflation can really only come from insane government spending. So, in addition, the current deflationary forces, tariffs, deportations, AI, and robotics, they are a formidable force that likely has a much bigger impact on consumer inflation than oil prices. Let's take for example Truflation's data. Trueflation shows that US housing is already in deflation. It's down 1.5% over the last 12 months and housing is as much as 35% of the government CPI metric. So energy is only closer to four or 5% of the CPI calculation. So what happens in the housing market is significantly more important than what happens in the energy market. And I explained how this works to CNBC's Morgan Brennan this morning. Take a listen. If you look at inflation expectations, people have been saying that we were going to get sky-high inflation because of the tariffs. And I was very loud about the fact that we were not going to get that. The tariffs were going to be deflationary. Now, if you look over the last year or so, what we've seen is tariffs are deflationary, deportations are deflationary, AI is deflationary, and robotics are deflationary. And we see this happening throughout the economy. And so, the big risk right now is still deflation, not inflation in the US economy. And I understand that oil has spiked in the short term, and people are going to freak out about that. This has been going on for eight days. is Operation Epic Fury. And so, let's say that it ends in the next 2 or 3 weeks. It would have been a short-term impact to oil prices. And the deflationary nature of what's happening in the economy is still a much much bigger concern than a short-term oil impact. And I think what people also forget is that take housing as an example. The government is still saying that housing prices are growing. Trueflation, which is a real-time measurement, is saying that housing is in deflation already. It's down 1.5% over the last 12 months. If that is true, housing is a much bigger input into the CPI calculation than let's say oil or energy is at around 5%. And so I think that people it's very uh easy to get attracted to the headlines and the volatile oil price. But again the **[6:05]** volatile oil price. But again the structural thing that we are facing is deflation because of deportations, tariffs, AI and robotics. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And of course we get CPI and PCE readings this week and that this will be before any spike we've seen in energy prices. So we'll we'll look at that according to your lines of thinking. At what point though if you have energy if you have oil prices at these sustained levels we know that funnels out into other parts of the economy. So at what point does that change if it changes? &gt;&gt; Well if it's prolonged right if we end up going 6 9 12 months with really really high oil prices obviously that'll have a very big impact. The other thing that's pretty interesting though is that the US dependency on oil as a percent of production right so if you think of like how much energy do we need to consume from oil specifically in order to produce one unit of GDP that has been going down over time. We're actually lower today than we were, let's say, in 2007, 2008. There's some good research that's been put out about that. Now, it doesn't mean that we're not dependent on it at all, but I do think that people are still caught on this idea that if oil prices go higher, then immediately we get, you know, higher consumer inflation. And I just don't see that happening in the economy. &gt;&gt; All right, so let's put it all together. We've got a war in Iran. We've got a spike, at least for now, 8day spike in energy prices. Uh we've got AI disruption concerns. We've got cracks cracks in private credit. and we have a weaker jobs report. How do you invest right now? right now? &gt;&gt; Buy Bitcoin. &gt;&gt; Buy Bitcoin. &gt;&gt; Now, I enjoyed that conversation with Morgan. But that's not all, though. The Wall Street Journal's Greg Gip wrote a column titled Why the Oil Shock Probably won't derail the economy and one way it might. In that column, he explains the following. Higher oil prices are like a tax cutting into household consumption while boosting inflation and interest rates. But that effect has shrunk as the US became less energy dependent. He goes on to say that the US consumed 4% less gasoline in 2025 than in 2007, but we produced 42% more goods and services. And then the share of households consumption of energy, including electricity, natural gas, and gasoline. It fell from 5.7% in 2007 to 3.7% last year. Meanwhile, the shale revolution has turned the US into a net exporter of petroleum and a major exporter of **[8:07]** petroleum and a major exporter of liqufied natural gas. That means the hit to consumers is offset by a boost to producers. So with this in mind, everyone just needs to take a deep breath. I know that's not going to be popular to say, but it is true. The doomsday predictors, like I said, are out in full force. They will tell you the perils of a persistently high oil price. They will promise you that the world is ending or how the US economy is going to suddenly collapse. None of it is reality, though. The truth is that every single nation state involved in the Iran conflict is incentivized to get this over with quickly. The US wants to claim victory as fast as possible. Iran wants the bombs to stop dropping. China needs oil to import into their country. In European countries, they're simply looking to return to a world where stability rules the day and they don't have to make hard decisions. So, if the conflict in Iran is short-lived, oil prices won't be persistently higher. If oil prices are not persistently higher, then inflation is not going to soar to ridiculous levels. And if inflation doesn't soar higher, then the Fed is going to be forced to cut interest rates and print more money to deal with the deflationary forces. Now, I don't make the rules here. I just try to watch what's happening in the world. I try to investigate the data and I try to figure out where do we go from here. I know that there is a lot of emotion that is tied up right now. Oil prices are going all over the place. Stock market is gyating left and right, up and down. Bitcoin's holding in there while gold is selling off. People are confused and they're scratching their head. But what I do know is one thing. The American economy right now, it's pretty resilient. Companies are producing more profits. They're doing it with less employees. Those companies are becoming more valuable over time. We know that the world is shifting from purely being dependent on oil to now electricity and many other sources of energy are becoming much more popular. And if the United States is becoming more efficient in the way we produce goods and services, but doing it by consuming less gasoline and less oil, that's good in these situations. If you add in on top of that that the United States thought ahead hopefully and we went down and **[10:08]** ahead hopefully and we went down and when we took Maduro out of Venezuela, we struck a deal to have access to the Venezuelan oil, that obviously is going to be a net positive in this situation because we can go and we can use that oil, bring it onto the global stage and we can keep prices from soaring higher. Now, the critique of that or maybe the negative side is that we had a strategic oil reserve in the United States. Under President Biden, we depleted a lot of it. But then under President Trump, we haven't refilled it. And so over the last six or seven years, we went from having a huge strategic reserve to not having a lot. And so that Venezuelan oil now becomes much more important. And so as you watch the geopolitical chess get played here, the number one thing I keep coming back to is does higher oil prices drive domestic inflation in the United States? And the short answer is there can be some minimal impact, but overall deflation is a bigger risk than inflation. And short-term price impact on oil is not going to derail the structural issues that we face. So everyone chill out. The Fed needs to cut rates. And my guess is that the consumer is going to end up stronger by the end of this year. In stocks, it's going to just be like tariffs. Remember when everyone was freaking out in April of 2025? By the summertime, we were at new all-time highs. If this war ends and the conflict isn't nearly as long as everyone thought it was going to be, then stocks are going right back to all-time highs. All assets are going to do well and everyone who's panicking right now, they're going to look ridiculous in hindsight. That's it for today's show. Thank you guys so much for watching. Please remember to subscribe on YouTube and I'll see all of you live from the desk of Anthony Pompiano
