---
title: "Jack Dorsey Cut 4,000 Jobs, But NOT Because Of AI (Here's The Truth)"
channel: "0:00 Intro"
channel_slug: anthony-pompliano
video_id: wXjW0GIwuh0
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXjW0GIwuh0
upload_date: 2026-02-27
duration: "9:54"
description: "Jack Dorsey announced layoffs of 4,000 workers at Block (40% of employees) yesterday and said it's because of AI efficiencies. Of course, the media ran with it and spread more doom-and-gloom about AI disruption. Here's the truth: AI is cover for Jack running an over-bloated company. On today's show,"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Jack Dorsey Cut 4,000 Jobs, But NOT Because Of AI (Here's The Truth)

**Channel:** 0:00 Intro
**Date:** 2026-02-27
**Duration:** 9:54
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXjW0GIwuh0

---

## Transcript

**[0:02]** Hello everyone. Jack Dorsey laid off 4,000 people yesterday, but it's not for the reason that he said. Software engineers are becoming more popular in the age of AI, and we have answers on what is happening with Bitcoin right now. We're live today from the desk of Anthony Pompiano. Before we get into today's episode, I need your help. My goal is to get to 1 million subscribers on YouTube. We currently have 44,555. currently have 44,555. Beautiful number. Go ahead and hit the subscribe button and let's get into today's episode. today's episode. All right, ladies and gentlemen. Jack Dorsey announced that his company Block is firing more than 4,000 employees. That's a reduction in force of close to half of the 10,000 employees at the company. 10,000 people work at this company. Now, the stated reason for these layoffs was artificial intelligence. You know, the big bad boogeyman AI. Here's what Jack wrote in his memo to the team. He said, "We're not making this decision because we're in trouble." I don't know about that. He says, "Our business is strong. Gross profit continues to grow, and we continue to serve more and more customers, and profitability is improving. But something has changed. We're already seeing that the intelligence tools we're creating and using paired with smaller and flatter teams are enabling a way of working which fundamentally changes what it means to build and run a company. And that's accelerating rapidly." Now given the recent attention to AI's impact on the labor market, the media and online commentators, they are having a field day with this. The whole story is, oh, this is an example of AI's negative impact on humans. Take for example CNBC's Dedra Boss. She writes that this is a profitable growing company cutting nearly half its workforce. If Jack Dorsey executes well post cut, this could become a template. 3 days ago, everyone was calling the Citrony piece science fiction. Now it's hidden a little closer to home. Well, I think that's the wrong take. I think she is completely wrong on this. And it didn't take long for the internet to agree with me. The internet quickly realized that the AI quote unquote excuse may just be a cover up for a poorly managed business. Now, Will Slaughter explains that in 3 years from December of 2019 to **[2:04]** that in 3 years from December of 2019 to December of 2022, Block more than tripled its headcount from 3,900 employees to 12,500 employees. That's crazy growth. Now, unwinding less than half of an insane co overhiring binge has more to do with Jack Dorsey's managerial incompetence than whether AI is going to take your job. Now, in addition to Will's take, we can see that other software companies are run much leaner than Block. Austin Reef writes that Robin Hood has 2500 employees and a market cap of 70 billion. Coinbase has 4,500 employees and a market cap of 50 billion. Square, on the other hand, has a market cap of 30 billion and they're going to have 6,000 employees. Austin says that he wouldn't say that this is all of a sudden a symbol of AI transformation and leanness. I agree with Austin. This is insane that people believe this is because of AI. The most obvious comp to Square is Stripe, and they are more than 5x larger in market cap than Square. Yet, they have only 8,000 total employees. And don't forget here, Jack Dorsey is not exactly known for running lean organizations. Elon Musk bought Twitter and immediately fired about 80% of the employees. That company's doing better than ever according to various metrics as well. So in response to the mismanagement allegations, to his credit, Jack Dorsey acknowledged the business has been bloated. He said, "Yes, we overhired during CO." So it does seem fair to say that these layoffs are more driven by a business that needed to get lean rather than some important data point around AI layoffs. But guess what? The truth doesn't matter anymore. People are going to take the stated reason as fact and you are going to see two big repercussions now. One, the media is likely going to keep pointing to this example whenever they discuss the negative side effects of AI. Oh, Jack Dorsey laid off 4,000 people. But also, you're going to see CEOs. They are going to use this moment as motivation to lay off a large portion of their employees and then they're going to blame AI as the reason as well. Now, regarding the media, the doomsday predicting is going to continue and it will be a headwind for software stocks in the short term as they dominate headlines. I believe that that is the wrong conclusion for investors though. Block just announced a large reduction in force and the stock went up 20% overnight trading. Investors **[4:05]** went up 20% overnight trading. Investors should love a trend where companies can become more productive and profitable. But the existential risk of will this company be around in 5 years? That's what's actually spooking so many investors into a risk-off mentality. Now, regarding other CEOs, this is going to be the same playbook we saw during co. As soon as executives realized that there was a boogeyman that they could leverage to make hard decisions, they all rushed to exploit the opportunity. There's nothing better than telling your affected employees and your concerned shareholders, "Don't worry, I'm just laying off a large portion of our staff because of the positive developments of AI." That's much better than having to tell them, "You mismanage the business and you overhire." Lean into the positive and ignore the negative. Now, this copycat approach to larger layoffs is not as concerning to me. The businesses who engage in it, they're going to do the layoffs at some point anyways. My advice to you as an investor is to pay extra attention to your portfolio over the next 12 months. There should be higher levels of volatility because the world is trying to digest what's happening. Two things are going to be true. One, AI will automate many jobs that were previously thought to be insulated from technology disruption. Those things are going to happen, but two, many companies are going to use this opportunity to create change inside their organizations as well. The AI layoffs are coming. It's going to happen faster and more broadly than people expect. But this is not what is happening at Block. Block and Square, they're just bloated companies that were mismanaged. And don't let the mainstream conversation fool you into thinking otherwise. otherwise. Every once in a while, we get a big narrative violation. And the story in the mainstream media has been, "Oh my gosh, software engineers are going to be out of business. If I'm a reporter, if I'm somebody who's non-technical, I now can go to Claude or any of these other products. I can type in English and simply get it to go and build a product for me." And so naturally, everyone could be a software engineer, and we're not going to need people who actually know how to code. Right? Wrong. We are now seeing the data show up and now what we're seeing is that job postings for software engineers are rapidly rising. It is the exact opposite of what everyone was telling you is going to happen. And the reason is because if there's more code in the world, there's more products being built, you need more people who know how they work. See, the thing about software engineers is that **[6:07]** thing about software engineers is that there are multiple pieces of value that they contribute to a company. Yes, they write some code and it's the actual execution of the instructions to the machine, but they also are the ones who design the system. They design the infrastructure. They design how the product actually comes together and is integrated. They do more than just write code. And so you need people who understand how software works. You need people who understand how computer science design works. And you need to understand how things can actually be integrated together. All those people who are fear-mongering about there being less software engineers in the world. Well, then why are job postings rapidly rising? See the thing that no one wants to talk about is that if machines and code become more prevalent in society, you need more people who can talk to the machines and who can control the code. And what you need less of is all the white collar jobs that are in service of those software engineers. So automation's here. AI layoffs are coming. But software engineers, they're going to be safe. It's actually all the people who don't know how to code, who don't know anything about software, who don't know how to use the AI tools. Those are the ones I'd be worried about. The big question I keep getting around Bitcoin, what the heck is going on? And so I turned to Binance Research. They got a great piece out this week. They said, "Since 2015, Bitcoin and Global M2 have experienced 23 directional divergences. These are periods where M2 continued rising while Bitcoin sold off. So what's going on here?" Each of these episodes resolved within 1 to two months on average, and as expanding liquidity naturally percolated through the risk asset hierarchy, it eventually finds its way to Bitcoin. Now, the current divergence that we're in right now has broken decisively from that pattern and it's extending far beyond any historical precedent in both duration and magnitude. Now, this is not a statistical anomaly that is explained by any single variable, but rather this is the product of three mutually reinforcing structural distortions that are converging simultaneously for the first time in the data set's history. The first is that we have weakness in the US dollar, but we're not actually seeing real liquidity come into the market, and so it's not impacting Bitcoin as much as people would have thought. The second thing is that we have AI disruption that is actually **[8:09]** have AI disruption that is actually creating a trigger in all of the software stocks and it's pushing software stocks lower and there's a high correlation to software stocks and Bitcoin. And then third is that the Fed is still in an easing cycle, but they have interest rates at an elevated level and that is not helpful to Bitcoin. So the convergence of the divergence, think about that term for a second. The convergence of the divergence requires all three distortions to unwind. Now the most critical precondition is that we are going to have to stabilize the AI disruption sentiment. And that's only going to happen when the sector finds a durable floor. The mechanical linkage between software stocks and Bitcoin has to dissolve and that will allow Bitcoin then to reclaim its monetary asset narrative. And then the second requirement is a meaningful decline in real interest rates. And those demands not just are going to be continued with nominal Fed cuts, but actual inflation normalization is going to have to be sufficient enough to break the money market interception effect. Now, when these conditions align, most plausibly in the second half of this year or maybe in early next year, the reversion of this divergence between Bitcoin and the M2 supply, it may unfold with a speed and magnitude that surprises to the upside. Hopefully for Bitcoin investors, that's true. But it's got to be consistent with the historical pattern of compressed springs releasing after extended periods of suppression. So Bitcoin is like a beach ball that's being held under the water right now. And what we are going to need is we are going to need the convergence Bitcoin and M2 because M2 is still going higher, but Bitcoin is not following. This has happened 23 times throughout history. Well, at some point those two things meet again. And my guess is it's going to be Bitcoin going higher, just like Binance Research believes as well. That's it for today's show. Thank you guys so much for following along. Please remember to subscribe on YouTube and I will see all of you live from the desk of Anthony Pompiano on Monday.
