---
title: "When Oil Prices Spike, You Want To OWN THESE ASSETS"
channel: "From The Desk Of Anthony Pompliano"
channel_slug: anthony-pompliano
video_id: T3QFjZR7zdM
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3QFjZR7zdM
upload_date: 2026-03-12
duration: "34:27"
description: "The scenes coming out of the Strait of Hormuz have the world on edge. Iran is attacking ships in one of the most important energy chokepoints on the planet, and oil prices are responding with violent swings in both directions. That kind of geopolitical shock creates huge uncertainty for investors, b"
view_count: 6504
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# When Oil Prices Spike, You Want To OWN THESE ASSETS

**Channel:** From The Desk Of Anthony Pompliano
**Date:** 2026-03-12
**Duration:** 34:27
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3QFjZR7zdM

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Hello everyone. The straighter Hermos is closed. Inflation's been ticking up. Specific assets just got more interesting. And we've got an exec from a big big big public company. And they're going to join to explain what's happening with the American consumer. We're live today from the desk of Anthony Pompiano. Before we get into today's episode, I need your help. No, seriously. We've got just under 45,000 subscribers on YouTube. Hit the subscribe button and let us get to our goal of 1 million. Let's get into today's show. All right, ladies and gentlemen, the eyes of finance remain on the straight of Hermos as Iran attempts to shut down one of the most important logistic channels in the world. I mean, they are trying as hard as they can. We've seen multiple ships attacked in the straight that includes a projectile that hit a Thai flag ship. We've also seen other vessels that appear to have hit underwater mines planted by Iran. I mean, this stuff is crazy when you see the photos. This increased pressure in the street has led individual countries like India to attempt negotiations with the Iranian government to allow their nation ships to pass in the straight. Forget everybody else, just let ours go through. But Reuters is now reporting conflicting public statements from Iran and India. And so appears that there's still significant complexity and confusion in the situation. But the reason this is important is because the price of oil continues to be highly volatile in response. Over the last 5 days, oil went from $77 to nearly $120 per barrel. Then it went back down to $77 and now it sits around $92 a barrel. This type of whiplash drives uncertainty for investors in the short term and it creates concerns long-term about the impact on inflation. Now we can see in the real-time metric from true inflation that inflation is starting to tick up over the last few days. While the current 1.2% reading is still substantially lower than the Fed's stated target of 2%, you got to constantly evaluate the direction of travel more than the current number on any given day. So, if we dig deeper into the inflation data, Anna Wong, Bloomberg's chief US economist, points out the wide disparity in different regions across the country. There's about 1% inflation in Texas, Oklahoma, **[2:02]** about 1% inflation in Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Connecticut, and Hampshire, Connecticut, and Massachusetts. But inflation is closer to 3% in states like California, Oregon, Washington, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan. This is a good reminder that inflation is experienced differently by different people. Some of the difference is driven by your local economy and some is driven by your personal spending habits. But regardless of the regional or personal differences right now, we know inflation is starting to tick back up. True inflation is telling us that. For example, a lot of it's being driven by gas prices. And gas prices are now averaging $3.60 a gallon. That's 62 cent gain since February 28th. This brings us to the question of what assets should you buy in your portfolio to benefit from higher inflation levels today? Well, I asked CFO Sylvia that we built to give me a breakdown of leveraging the latest AI models to answer the question. There were four big buckets of capital allocation that she highlighted. The first is real assets, things like real estate, commodities, and precious metals. The second is fixed income, TIPS, Ibonds, floating rate bonds. The third is equities, companies with pricing power, energy and material stock, value stocks, and dividend growth stocks. And then fourth is alternative assets, infrastructure, farmland, assets, infrastructure, farmland, timber, and Bitcoin. Now, there's no guarantee that inflation is going to surge significantly higher, nor that inflation will be sticky over a prolonged period of time. But if that does happen, it's going to be important for you as an investor to update your portfolio for this new environment that we're headed into. As most of you know, I'm less concerned about inflation in the medium to long term. I believe the deflationary impacts of tariffs, deportations, AI, and robotics, those are going to be really hard to overcome. But I will change my mind if the Iran conflict stretches into a month-long battle that leaves the straight of Hermos closed. Investing is not supposed to be easy. The recent complexity and uncertainty proves that. So, I wish the best of luck to all of you out there. But remember, if the straits closed and oil goes higher, inflation in the short term will spike. And the question is just how long is that going to happen for? And how big of an impact will it have on inflation over the coming weeks and months. **[4:04]** and months. Today, I had the opportunity to sit down with Michael Lynford. He's the COO of a firm. They're a buy now pay later pioneer and they have been a business that has unique insights into the American consumer. How strong is the consumer? What are they spending their money on? And how exactly is all the changes in the US economy affecting those consumers and their sentiment? In this conversation, we not only talk about the American consumer, we talk about the affirm business. What is unique about what they're doing and how the buy now pay later trend is actually impacting people both in terms of their ability to use credit but also the impact on things like their credit score and many other aspects of their life. I think you'll really enjoy this conversation. And so here's my conversation with Michael Lynford. All right, Michael. I thought a great place to start the conversation is the American consumer. On one hand, if you read the headlines, it seems like the economy maybe isn't as strong as people think. But then you go and you look at sales data or maybe other, you know, data points in the economy and it looks like these people are wheeling and dealing. They are spending money all over the place and they're perfectly fine. You guys have a very unique insight into what they're actually spending on. Are they spending a lot of money? How do you evaluate what is the health of the American consumer right now? now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean we do. we have a really interesting signal into the American consumer and that's both on how engaged they are um are they out shopping and where are they shopping but also how are they current on their credit obligations you know are they able to pay back their obligations and right now we see a consumer who continues to be really engaged u meaning they're out shopping they're they're continuing to take trips and and do experiences as well as purchase electronics and those kind of things and the credit results are really good which suggests a pretty strong consumer Now I always caution that it's difficult to extrapolate our consumer observations to the broader economy. We do think we have a different mousetrap at a firm that allows us to better engineer credit outcomes. So it's I always give people a little bit of caution and extrapolating too much but from what we see we we see a pretty healthy consumer. So when the consumer like what are the things that you guys look at to really measure this because it's one thing like if they're buying food of course they need to eat right but you mentioned electronics experiences things that are more disposable income driven you know type **[6:06]** disposable income driven you know type purchases that's really what you guys would look at to say hey look you know people are spending and everything's fine fine &gt;&gt; yeah I mean our our categories are really broad so you know one of our biggest categories is travel and ticketing and that includes everything from sporting events that you might buy on ZGeek to airline tickets or cruise lines and those are all purchases that you would expect to see get reduced if the consumer was feeling a lot of stress and we're just not seeing that. &gt;&gt; Interesting. And when you guys look at this, um, one of the aspects that that I've always found, uh, very fascinating is like the rise of online shopping. Um, you know, in New York City, if you live in a high-rise building, uh, I mean, it's basically like an Amazon warehouse. There's just, you know, Amazon boxes showing up all the time. And then I was recently talking to someone about uh u this online shopping and and how crazy it is that you can press a button and all of a sudden all these things show up, you know, within 24 hours or whatever. And they were telling me that actually Walmart has now become a faster deliverer of a lot of goods because they have the stores that they kind of use as this like inventory management or whatever. And so how much are you guys seeing the like online shopping rise really drive a lot of both your success but also the the consumer versus it's still people going into stores going into restaurants and kind of you know doing things quotequote in real life. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's it's obviously both. Um we tether our growth rate to e-commerce. We grow at several multiples of e-commerce right now. So if you think about e-commerce growth rates, you know, high single digits, low double digits, we're sometimes two or three times that in terms of our growth rate. Um, and then we have a card and the card lets consumers go to the to the real world and use the, you know, purchases, use the firm product for purchases in stores, you know, anywhere. Um, and I think that's a an interesting thing about our business. It's it's different than say, um, the what people might assume about about where this puck is going in terms of the category and the consumer overall. We really do aspire to mean something to every transaction for the consumer, whether that's in the store or online. And there's a really big portion of commerce that's still on offline in the stores. Um it's still the majority of where people shop. It's still where the majority of dollars are **[8:06]** still where the majority of dollars are spent despite the fact that a lot of the growth feels like it's still coming from e-commerce. Now uh you guys are one of the pioneers of buy now pay later. And I always joke that uh that's just credit cards for millennials, right? U how much of that is like true, right? versus uh there is a difference in you know whether you have a credit card or you have this uh kind of buy now pay later that really I think people got introduced in a very uh smart way of at checkout people said hey look you can finance this thing rather than uh think of it as you have credit to your name and and it's more the credit card form &gt;&gt; yeah I mean we think it's a better form of credit um credit cards have a couple of very big defects in our in our opinion and we think they're pretty broken the biggest one is that the credit card business model is one that's adverse to the consumer who actually needs to borrow borrow. If you think about the way the credit cards work, you spend on the credit card, you rack up a balance, and the credit card banks want you to keep that balance there. They talk about prepayments, which is just paying down that obligation as a bad thing that happened to their business. They're happy when you revolve. They don't want you to pay it off every month. And our business model is just fundamentally different. Every fundamentally different. Every transaction is an installment loan. every transaction goes away very quickly because the consumers sign up for either a monthly or bi-weekly payment that gets them out of that obligation as quickly as possible. And yes, it is a new form of credit for a different consumer. The the thing that's interesting though is it's not just for millennials or Gen Z. It's pretty broad-based in terms of consumers who use our product. We always like to talk about it as wherever the median consumer is in America, which admittedly is less so on the coast, but that median consumer, the school teacher in De Mo, Iowa, that's our target customer. That's the customer who's otherwise staring down using the revolving credit card and paying interest on interest and getting themselves in that compounding loop or using a firm which has a lot more certainty and control for the consumer. We saw uh the current uh executive branch say, "Hey, look, we're going to cap uh interest on these credit cards." I don't know if they're actually going to be able to do it or not. It seems **[10:07]** to be able to do it or not. It seems like, you know, uh there was some aspiration. There's some push back obviously from the credit card companies. Um if that was implemented, you know, one, does that change whether credit cards are good or bad for the consumer? Do the credit card companies blow up? Is that a tailwind for your business? And you see, you know, kind of people come over. Um how do you think about that, you know, kind of action? I &gt;&gt; I think APR is actually just the price. And I think that the price isn't good or bad. There's no morality in a price. Price being high for a high value high value being delivered to the consumer and it's low for a less value being delivered. The the structure of the product though matters in addition to the price and the structure of a credit card. The structure being you know you we want to keep you in debt. We want to keep those balances high. We want you to pay interest on interest. We want to engineer minimum payments that kind of keep you in those those levels. And we want you to never be able to to to bust out and get free. You know, when I joined a firm, I grew up with a big family. I have nine siblings and I grew up up &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; I grew up in and my mom was a school teacher and I found out when right by the time I joined a firm that she had $50,000 in credit card debt and I and I was like just shocked and I was like, "Mom, h how did this happen?" You know, she has some successful kids, myself included. And I said, "How did this possibly happen?" And it it wasn't like she went out and spent $50,000. She started using her card on those Amazon purchases and all of a sudden it just started creeping up and up and up and um you know of course we we took care of her but there's there's an insight there. The credit card business model is trying to engineer that outcome as many times as possible and our business model is just built to to make that not happen. that not happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, what's interesting about um I I think this is uh when you put it at the checkout, I think that's when people first started really to to interact with buy now pay later. um it does almost allow you to take the model of credit and apply it on a product byproduct basis rather than just like hey I take on this you know uh uh thing um let's talk about a firm as a business um one of the things that uh I think has been really uh a tailwind for the business is **[12:07]** really uh a tailwind for the business is you guys were able to partner with lots of large organizations get that distribution and you really kind of let them be your customer acquisition and so it's more of a business development you know strategy rather than go and spend a bunch of money on marketing um There seem to be some companies that in their public, you know, uh, uh, filings, etc. are like, "Hey, look, this is amazing. We we love, uh, having this as an option. It's helping our consumers. It's driving sales, etc." And there's other companies, you know, maybe Walmart is the big example that almost is like, "This is so good. We want to get in the business ourselves, and they're trying to disintermediate the buy now pay later and kind of bring it inhouse." Now, a Walmart seems to do this for like everything they ever touch, right? At some point, if it if it's good, they're like, "Hey, why don't we just bring this in house?" But how do you guys think about the defensibility of, you know, go to market being partnership versus, you know, these guys trying to do it themselves? themselves? &gt;&gt; I think the vast majority of retailers are focused on on the business of retail. It's it's a it's a pretty straightforward business model. You buy stuff and and you sell it for more than you bought it. And and and I think they understand very quickly that the things that a company like a firm has to do in order to make the provision of credit work at the point of sale are not things they want to do. They do not want to take their scarce balance sheet, which they want to put towards inventory and put it for consumer receivables. They don't want to have to tell customers no. You know, retailers don't like telling anybody no who's shopping in their stores. But you can't run a successful credit business unless you're willing to say no to consumers who shouldn't be taking credit. And you have to collect on on those obligations. So, if a consumer is late, you need to call them. You need to uh no longer provide them additional credit. You got to service the loan. Those are all things that retailers are are pretty loathed to do. And and I think that majority of of merchants out there view this as a huge benefit to their business. Drives extra conversion, drives bigger baskets without having to do any of that that heavy lifting and hard work. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's um it's very fascinating. Now, one of the things that uh we got to talk about is uh this buy now pay later on burritos was a tale. I'll say thank you to you actually in person because you guys give us great content for like **[14:08]** you guys give us great content for like a couple days there. Uh, I think at one point I was like, "All right, we've gone too far, right? The uh the financing of burritos seems a little insane, but explain maybe kind of your guys strategy and I think it's really started with I remember like Pelaton bikes and things that were, you know, multi,000 purchases. Okay, got it. Right. Then you started to come down, but actually if you think about like there's plenty of people using credit cards to buy food or groceries or, you know, get in the Uber or what, whatever the thing is." And so, um, I think the burritos really caught people's attention. What What happened there? And then how did you guys think about about &gt;&gt; It wasn't us, but it was one of our competitors. And I enjoyed the memes as much as anybody else. Um, &gt;&gt; Oh, so you can absolve yourself. You can say it wasn't you guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can a little bit. I'll defend it in a second, but you know, the the collateralized burrito obligations memes were were very very good. And look, I I I think I I think I &gt;&gt; You're like, we weren't doing burritos. We were actually doing pizza like, you know, with those burrito guys. No, I mean our average order values are obviously materally higher than that. Um I think the the the gut reaction was somehow this was a sign of of a lack of health in the consumer. Um if you quote need to use the product, um nobody thinks that they need to use their credit card to to buy Door Dash. No one uses that phrase. Um but they did 30 years ago. 30 years ago when credit cards began to become more ubiquitous, there's this famous, I forget which news channel it was, like you know, Channel 8 News or whatever, uh was filming at a Burger King the first time Burger King began taking credit cards. And everyone was like, I don't understand. Why do you need a credit card to buy a hamburger? That doesn't make any sense. You should just use cash. Now, what we know now is that credit cards when used in a certain way are okay. And we just accept it. We never word it as, oh, I need to use my credit card to buy a burrito. we just do it. Now, for some of us, that means we pay it off at the end of the month and we're a transactor. Some people and a lot of people, half the country revolves every time they use their credit card, which means every transaction is accumulating additional interest. And so, they are faced with a choice. They **[16:09]** so, they are faced with a choice. They can use their debit card, which takes them out of their bank account immediately, or they can use a credit card and revolve. Neither one of those options are as good as what we think our product can do. So, as much as I think those memes were very funny, I think they're deeply wrong because it misses, I think, the point. The comparison should always be against what those consumers alternatives are. And if the alternative is revolving on a credit card, that's a far worse option. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so, what if, uh, somebody goes and just use the burrito as an example, uh, they, you know, order something on Door Dash, do they finance like the spend for like a month on a a retailer like that or is it like on a product by order by order basis? We do everything order by order, which is why we wouldn't do a transaction that small. Yep. &gt;&gt; Um, and so I I'm not I'm not actually here to defend burritos, &gt;&gt; but but I think the sentiment was the thing that's deep burritos. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The sentiment is just deeply wrong because it it presumes that consumers um uh have non-revolving credit facilities available to them. You and I benefit tremendously from not revolving on our credit cards. we get a a 45day working capital line from the bank and we don't pay anything for it and for half the country that's not the case for half the country they they are faced either paying for it now or revolving and I think this you have to frame the decisions consumers are making there and in fact a consumer who puts down the credit card when they're revolving and picks up a a product like ours is making a much healthier financial decision it's it's borne out in our data &gt;&gt; why why is it healthier because the certainty with which the consumer knows that they will end that obligation is 100%. You know, I take a firm, I'll go to an extreme case for a second. Our 0% loans. When a consumer takes a 0% loan out with a firm, the most amount of money they could ever owe us is the price of the item they purchased. There are no late fees in our product. There's no compounding. There's no deferred interest, no tricks to it whatsoever. You buy a $500 item, you owe us $500 and that's it. that's it. &gt;&gt; All right, that sounds good. But what's the catch? There's no catch. **[18:10]** the catch? There's no catch. &gt;&gt; How do you guys make money? &gt;&gt; The merchant pays us. See, that that transaction is better for the merchant and we have much higher average order values and much higher conversion whenever the merchant is willing to offer those kind of products. &gt;&gt; Okay, so this is interesting because basically now we're going from like a buy now pay later verse versus a credit card to actually you're changing the business model of how the credit is actually being paid for. And what you're saying is let's use the $500 example. So, if I come in and I'm going to buy a $500 item and uh I'm going to do four installments over the next four months or you know, whatever the thing is. Um, how much will the merchant pay you for something like that? Is like a percentage or it's like a it's negotiated individually with each merchant? merchant? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it varies by merchant and the program. It's generally tied to how costly the program is or how impactful it is to the end merchant. Got it. Obviously, if you, you know, take the example you mentioned, Pelaton bikes, you're taking multi,000 purchases and you're spraying them out over three or four years, the merchant discount is very high. If you take uh an item where you're only breaking it up into four payments over six weeks, the merchant discount is is obviously much lower. And it really is a very wide range. And the thing that's unique about a firm is that we're able to do all of it. We can do monthly interest bearing, we can do monthly 0%, we can do short-term 0%, and anything in between. And we can work with our merchant partners to build highly sophisticated programs that are providing the most uh effective tools to convert sales much more effective than discounting or promotional activity by the merchant. the merchant. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. It's pretty interesting because if you shift the business model now you can, you know, very credibly say, "Hey, look, this is better for the end consumer." And if it drives more conversion and sales for the merchant, like they're happy to pay for because usually they'd have to pay for marketing or something else that may be even more expensive. expensive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I spent a lot of my career working in retail. And if you think about the challenge a retailer has, they they have to price an item correctly. They have to make sure that they solve the affordability problem for the consumer. And then they have to do inventory management. They have to manage how much they bought. So you take **[20:10]** manage how much they bought. So you take a seasonal category, they may be way too long inventory of a good. A typical tactic for a retailer is to begin doing markdowns. And so all of a sudden doing 20, 30, 40% discounts on the item to move it. That's makes sense, right? you have extra inventory and and retailers at the end of the day are also capital managers because the inventory is the most important variable for them. And so they're they're trying to manage their inventory and they can do that with 20% discounts or they can pay a company like a firm a 5% incentive and they can create a really compelling consumer value prop to say you can get this seasonal item and pay for it over six months with no interest. What about uh impact on credit scores for the individual? Right. credit cards. Obviously, if you're not paying your credit card, you're getting your credit destroyed. How does the buy now pay later model work? later model work? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it varies by player. Right now, we are the only ones who are furnishing data to the credit bureaus, and we stand out pretty uniquely in that. Um, and we do that because we want to make sure consumers do get credit for their positive repayment history. Our consumers are by and large very current with their obligations. We couldn't have a business model without that. We think it's really important that they participate positively for that positive behavior. So we are choosing to to furnish data with the bureaus. We are waiting for the rest of the industry to catch up though. catch up though. &gt;&gt; Now when you do that um obviously in the credit card model, you know, if I buy something, I don't pay uh off my credit card, they're making money, right? So to your point, there's an incentive actually for me not to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Credit card CFOs will about, you know, with some delinquencies obviously we're going to make more money. Uh and those are words that will never come out of our mouths. of our mouths. &gt;&gt; But let's say that I'm I just, you know, buy something. I use a firm and I don't pay you guys. What happens? Like how do you get the money? Like, you know, like like I'm sure there's somebody out there who's trying to figure out, you know, what's the loophole here? &gt;&gt; Well, there there obviously are bad actors and our job is to identify them and not extend credit. Um, our job is &gt;&gt; So, basically on a a user by user basis, you guys identify those &gt;&gt; on a transaction bytransaction basis. Oh, interesting. Oh, interesting. &gt;&gt; So, we underwrite every transaction. So, **[22:10]** &gt;&gt; So, we underwrite every transaction. So, if you want to come buy uh uh a bike um to use that example again, we will go through and underwrite you in real time. If you come back a week later and want to try us again, we will underwrite you again. And we'll keep doing that every time you use our product. It's our job to make sure we're filtering out risk correctly. We we create the most value in the system by sorting risk better, identifying fraud better than everybody else. That allows us to be, you know, as growthful as we can for our merchants, but still generate really good returns. But even if we're good at our job, which I think we are really good, there are people who who have things that happen in their life that prevent them from being current in their obligations. And when that happens at a firm, we will text you, we'll call you, we'll email you. And I think that there's a a level of cynicism that's kind of dangerous out there that says, again, assuming that we filter out the bad guys for a second, there's a level of cynicism that people want to take advantage of that. The vast majority of people want to do good. they they do not want to be sideways. &gt;&gt; You know, we get these incredible emails from our consumers. from our consumers. &gt;&gt; If you're late with a firm, we we text you. That's the that's the recourse. And uh we get these emails all the time for consumers saying things like and they email our investor relations inbox, which I think is is really quite something. And it's like, I'm really sorry. I'm late this week. I will make my payment next week. And it the only reason that motivates that it isn't because they're worried about their credit score or it's not because they're worried about even frankly getting more access to a firm which is gated there. They just feel an obligation back to a firm. Our consumers have I think a very real love of what we do for them. And it's can get somewhat lost with some of the people like us who who who maybe aren't users of the product like the middle of the country is when consumers are faced with really hard decisions about how they get the things that matter most to them. A firm is the one who's there to help them. And that sort of truly uh I think deep love of what we do for them shows up with this this desire, willingness and and and **[24:10]** desire, willingness and and and commitment to paying us back. And it bears out in our credit data too. Our credit results are really good in part because we're good at underwriting, in part because we underwrite every transaction, but also because our consumers really do appreciate what we do. Got it. That uh that makes sense. Let's talk about the business itself, right? Obviously, you guys um have grown very rapidly. By the way, it's not lost on me the connection between Max, PayPal, fraud prevention, Palunteer, right? I see like this just spidered out and how do we use the fraud prevention? Um but the business has grown very rapidly. Um, I think that at times there's been questions about like the buy now pay later model and hey, how you know how sustainable is this? Um, just how do you think about you you used to be the CFO so like you know the numbers um what's kind of your assessment in terms of where you guys are? &gt;&gt; I think it's really early still. Um there's been a lot of press and headlines on the category. I always put up this chart for the team because I think it's important for everybody to understand the context that we're operating in. If you look at just our results and you can take a topline measure like our gross merchandise volume which is just how much stuff we finance on the platform or you can take the revenue picture or even our profitability picture and you plot that over the past 5 years you see this steady improvement year on year quarteron quarter everything kind of pointing up and to the right. Uh if you then overlay all the headlines and the news stories you you get a very different picture. you would assume there's a lot of volatility in the business. I think that the category creates more volatility in the the the Twitter verse and and in in our our echo chambers and it does for the consumers who are using it and for the business that we generate from it. That business is a pretty steady high growth very profitable very high lever business and it's borne out that way over the past 5 years. years. &gt;&gt; What about international verse domestic? Do you guys have a difference there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a great question. So we today we are mostly in the United States and Canada. We bought a business in Canada um about the same time we went public and we're market leading both in the United States and Canada and we've entered the United Kingdom and are **[26:11]** entered the United Kingdom and are beginning to scale that business up with our partnership with Shopify as well as a few other large merchants including VMO2 who we just announced recently. U and we have a lot more uh coming. We're pretty excited about the UK opportunity. And then in front of that um are some additional markets. we've we've hinted at continental Europe as being on the road map and of course there's more countries. I think the the idea of us going kind of further a field from that is is pretty far away. We have a lot of work to do here. It's really important to understand the why we were we think about international. It's not because we're out of opportunity here. This is the most important market to win in and we still feel like we're pretty meaningfully underpenetrated. We think we're represented on about 70% of US e-commerce. there's a lot left to go get to fully represented and and as we talked about before there's offline commerce which is which is even bigger. Um and so we have a lot of work to do here. However, increasingly our merchants are global merchants and they want partners to be with them globally and it's important that we're supporting them everywhere we can. What uh what's the card to do physical? How does that work? work? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the the card is um it dates back to this old affirm debate that we used to have a long time ago. And for the longest time, we we wanted to serve what we call direct to consumer products just in our app. So consumers could come to our app. They could take out a loan to make a purchase and we would generate a virtual card number and you could put that in excuse me into one of your wallets or you could type the number in on a on a checkout page online. Um and we decided uh several years ago to actually take those features and put it onto a physical piece of plastic. And you know, the debate that we used to have at at a firm a long time ago was whether or not that was old tech and we should just be, you know, more modern. And and you know, where we came down was like it was better for us not to reinvent things that just work. And the the act of chipping or tapping a card is something that works dang near everywhere. And to not reinvent the last mile we thought was a really good idea. And that that turned out to be very true. Our consumers now use the card with the same financial product I talked **[28:11]** with the same financial product I talked about. So they're not revolving. These are all installment loans. There's no tricks to them and they can then go to a physical store or buying a jacket. They can walk into the store. They can go through the application process in our phone in a few seconds on their phone in a few seconds and get a loan and then they tap the card and the loan is magically captured out of that and a loan is created behind it. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. It's pretty interesting that um you just take the new idea of credit essentially and you put it on a physical card so the form factor stays the same. Um, you know, I've always thought about uh crypto in in particular as like the interface actually needs to look pretty similar to what you get in a different interface. Um, interface. Um, &gt;&gt; I it's a brilliant observation because I think think &gt;&gt; we can innovate the financial products, but there's some stuff that just works. Some infrastructure just works and the value that you can create by reinventing that is so low. &gt;&gt; Um, the value of of reinventing the the delivery at the point of sale, that's a that's a pretty low value added innovation. The financial product though, innovating on the financial product is is really valuable for all the stakeholders. the stakeholders. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes uh that makes sense. What like keeps you up at night about the business? You know, you're the COO, you see uh you understand the numbers really well, you see the operations, like what scares the hell out of you? &gt;&gt; You know, honestly, very little. Uh this business is is so growthful. It's got such a great margin profile and it really does engineer dramatically different credit results and and that bears out in our results. I think the things that we spend a lot of time thinking about in terms of risks that we manage is we have a lot of partners. We have uh merchants who are partners. We have partners up and down the fintech stack. We have partners who fund our business uh from a capital market standpoint. And managing all those partners is a really important part of making sure that we can keep delivering these results. these results. &gt;&gt; Got it. And then uh last question is uh how's AI changing the way that you guys build internally? like you know we hear all these people saying that uh they're going to produce more profits with less employees and I always laugh like you know well if you're one of the employees like are you like am I which side of the the equation am I on there but like uh you guys are very tech forward you have **[30:12]** you guys are very tech forward you have been for a long time um I think Max in particular is known as being you know very tech forward um what h what's changed internally in the way that you guys build a company &gt;&gt; yeah it's a great question and it's so topical I think there's so much conversation going on right now um you know there's that chart floating around from the FT that has like the three scenarios It's like singularity, end of humanity, and then 20% productivity. And we're ignoring that middle line and and we're developing this weird we're all planning for the end of times when when really what's going on right now is one of the the most remarkable things when it comes to productivity, when it comes for human beings to be able to build stuff, to make products, for people to grow their businesses. There's never been a better time. Um, and that's the biggest impact for us right now is that our software development teams are are increasing their productivity increasing their productivity dramatically for a company like a firm where our opportunity is so huge. There's $1.3 trillion in revolving balances in the United States. We we we might do $50 billion in a 12-month period this year, this calendar year. And so like we're a small portion of a giant market. So when you're in that situation, the list of things that you want to build, the products you want to build, the features you want to build, the distribution you want to earn, it's so long that we we find ourselves every quarter saying no to really valuable ideas. ideas. AI and and and agentic development allows us to do more of that with the same team. And I do think that that's a thing that is is really exciting for what's going on right now is you can get more done. And for businesses that have a lot of opportunity that have the right idea, there's so much more they that that you can get done and the ideas become the things that's a lot more scarce, not the time it takes to develop a few lines of code. So, it's really exciting for that reason. It's also exciting for just the overall state of models. Models are are performing so much better because of all the advances that have happened. And so we can you can get more accurate in your predictions which for us as a machine learning heritage company we we make our **[32:13]** learning heritage company we we make our money sorting risk identifying fraud doing all the things that are model driven. All those things are performing better in in an environment that we're in right now. And so you have this this great opportunity for building better models combined with with moving faster and getting more things done because your development team is more productive. And that's before you even get into what I think is still on on the come, which is what happens with Agenta Commerce. When our agents actually begin to conduct commerce and how do they pick financial products, what are what what matters to to an agent? You know, I'll tell you what matters a lot less is people spending money on marketing. What matters a lot more is products that actually do good for the consumer and are built in an honest way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's um are you guys going to create uh buy now pay later for the agents? I mean, I think we are we're very focused on making sure that Aentic Commerce is in fact using um and available and aware of the right buy now pay later products to use. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it it it's I mean it is very fascinating, right? It's like people talk about, hey, they're going to have their money, they're going to have a wallet, you know, yeah, technically I guess a human has some oversight, but uh it's not hard to see like what are the financial products the agents are going to need, to need, &gt;&gt; right? And I think if you're being super rational, you know, one of the criticisms people can make about a firm is that we're just a bunch of nerds and we do the math and and we that's how we we build products. We build the product to to try to be better in a in a strict logical mathematical sense. And Max's pedigree has a lot to do with that. Um and and and yet we don't do a lot of marketing. There's not like truck wrap, you know, bus wraps with our brand on it and we don't buy Super Bowl ads. That's not who we are. Um, but we think in an aentic world, agents are going to pick up products that are better for the consumer. So, they're going to look at your balance and they're going to say, "Hey, you're revolving. Don't touch your revolving card to make this purchase. You should be using a product like a firm." Or they'll say, "You know, you've paid uh late fees that amount to a 50% APR when you use a competitor's product. You should probably pick a product that doesn't have late fees like a firm." And we think that puts us in a really good spot. spot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, makes uh makes sense. Well, thank you so much for taking the time to do this. We'll do it again in the future. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you. Hope you enjoyed that conversation with Michael. It's **[34:14]** conversation with Michael. It's fascinating to me that these technology companies have such a clear view as what's happening with the American consumer. That's it for today's show. Thank you guys so much for watching. Please remember to subscribe on YouTube and I'll see you all live from the desk of Anthony Poniano
