---
title: "FRAUD IS EVERYWHERE! Nick Shirley EXPOSES How Deep It Goes In America"
channel: "Listen to From the Desk of Anthony Pompliano on:"
channel_slug: anthony-pompliano
video_id: U2z9acmCswQ
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2z9acmCswQ
upload_date: 2026-02-28
duration: "24:36"
description: "Nick Shirley went ultra viral when he exposed Minnesota's daycare fraud scheme (or \"learing center\" as one was called), but he says that's just the tip of the iceberg. He joins me on the show today to explain why he believes this isn’t just an isolated problem in Minnesota — it’s a national one. A"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# FRAUD IS EVERYWHERE! Nick Shirley EXPOSES How Deep It Goes In America

**Channel:** Listen to From the Desk of Anthony Pompliano on:
**Date:** 2026-02-28
**Duration:** 24:36
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2z9acmCswQ

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** All right, Nick, I thought a great place to start is uh you're known as like the guy who exposed this fraud at this point. It feels like the fraud is both way worse than we thought and also crazier in terms of what people are doing to actually go and do this fraud. How bad do you think it is at the national level? Nationally, it's really bad. It's in all 50 states, but let's just take Minnesota for example. You have an entire network of fraudsters who have there's uh over 10 categories of fraud within just the welfare system. For instance, just a few are the daycarees, the non-emergency medical transportation companies, the home healthcare, and then you also have adult daycare. So, that's just four, but then you have all these other ones that are intertwined in this fraud. So, these web connections, if you look at a diagram, they're go all over. And it's a it's a map that they're going to have to track down and take down each one of these fraudsters. And then you see different types of fraud take place in other places like California, for instance. I was just there the other day, and it's really bad. So, in Minnesota, the daycare one, I think that's the one that people really kind of first were like, "Hey, if I didn't know who Nick Shirley was before, now I understand who this guy is." You went to California, you were looking at voter fraud there. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; What was going on in California? &gt;&gt; Yes. So, in California, you don't need an ID to vote. So, essentially, I just wanted to go show people how easy it would be to vote illegally, how an election could potentially be rigged, and simply how easy it is to vote in California. So, I went straight to the registar of voters in San Diego. I said, "Okay, what does it take for me to vote?" And the lady was like, "Oh, we you fill out this form. You say this, you say who you are, and then we when you come and vote, you sign your signature, and then that gets scanned." I said, "Well, what happens if Richard Sherman wants to go and vote on behalf of somebody else or if someone wants to go and vote on behalf of Richard Sherman?" She's like, "Well, why would somebody do that?" I said, "Well, so like she's like, "They'd be lying." I'm like, "Okay, what if they don't care?" And then she's like, "Well, then they'd be prosecuted." be prosecuted." &gt;&gt; So, there really is no way for you to know whether or not somebody is who they say they are when they go and vote. &gt;&gt; It's kind of crazy. Yes. **[2:01]** &gt;&gt; It's kind of crazy. Yes. &gt;&gt; What do you think? Do you have a sense of like how big the economic uh, you know, kind of pain here is? And the reason I think about this, I think from an investor standpoint, right, is we know that the government is spending way too much money. They spend more than they make um, or they take in. And so, the national debt is exploding. I think that when Trump came into office, his entire promise was, uh, hey, I'm going to try to balance the budget. We obviously had the creation of Doge and they went to work. They got a ton of push back for a variety of different reasons, but how much of that national debt is actually just uh fraud and waste and you know kind of all these issues versus it's going to legitimate causes. Do you have an idea for that? It'd be very interesting to see how much of the budget could be balanced if they did eliminate all fraud. Um because just Medicare alone, I mean Dr. Roz has came out and said that there's hundred billion dollars in Medicare fraud in locations like California and in Minnesota. That's just Medicare fraud. That's in two states. And so, and if you look at these budgets from a place like California, they have this thing called medical. And if you look at their the budget, it goes up every single year by billions of dollars. And by no means are millions more people coming onto their programs. So, they're exponentially growing these programs, receiving billions and billions of more money. Meanwhile, they're also pushing out billionaires in California. And so, how how are they getting this money and where is that money coming from? So, the there's a lot of things that are very interesting about this fraud that takes place because these budgets are increasing for programs like medical, for instance. Meanwhile, the population and the numbers aren't uh sufficient enough to receive those budget increases. What's interesting to me is in uh in New York City, one of the things that people uh I see them tweeting at you, I see them tweeting at a lot of people is this whole idea of like atome health care professional. And I think when you look at the program from an academic standpoint, uh it's better for an outcomes basis to not have someone go to the hospital if they can get cared for by somebody who's a loved one or a friend, etc. Uh two, it should be cheaper to be able to do that. Uh but also, how do they know who's taking care of who and how do they prevent fraud? **[4:03]** of who and how do they prevent fraud? like all these, you know, kind of trade-offs come up. Have you looked into any of that or or or kind of uh formed any thoughts in terms of that type of stuff? stuff? &gt;&gt; Well, it's so bad that a dog actually registered to become a Medicare provider here in the United States that the source from that is from the HHS in an interview I did with the deputy uh secretary of uh the HHS. So, literally a dog could register to become a Medicare provider and it's happened. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's kind of crazy. &gt;&gt; It is crazy. And so when you look at it from a financial standpoint, these numbers, it almost feels like we're never going to know what the the true number is. How do we fix it? Right? I think you've done a great job of exposing it, but you're probably also some of the closest in terms of uh understanding the problem, meeting some of these people, etc. Do you have any thoughts in terms of how it could get fixed? Something I'm super proud about from my videos is that instant change was created within the government where the HHS actually went in and froze the child care payments in Minnesota and they said, "We'll give you the money. Just send us proof of receipts that you actually need the money." To this day, not a single location has sent in proof of receipt for any funding. That's kind of crazy. of crazy. &gt;&gt; So imagine if the federal government and state governments were said, "Okay, just send us your receipts and then we'll pay you." Yeah. How has all this changed your life? Like it seems, you know, when uh you and I first started talking, I think um you lived a very different life than you do now. And so just like talk about like the personal impact and you know, both positive and negative on uh on all the work that you've been doing. &gt;&gt; So it's been great to see the response from people and to see the change it's created throughout the country. And with that, you don't some stuff that you may not think about is just like the security level now as far as you you saw with Elon Musk. They tried to demonize him for trying to do Doge and uh cut cut waste and fraud and they burned his Teslas. They went after him. And with me, what they're trying to do is they're trying to paint me as somebody who I'm not who I really am not. They'll call you far right. They'll they'll say all these crazy things. They'll call you delusional conspiracy theorist. Um **[6:05]** theorist. Um they they'll call you all these things to try and create this perception of somebody who you're really not. At the end of the day, I'm just somebody who's working on my own to expose fraud here in the United States because I see this corruption and I want to live in a country where I can say I did my best and I'm also helping my fellow uh American citizens. American citizens. &gt;&gt; And so that's been something interesting to see how how quick people can kind of just flip a switch on you for actually providing a huge service for the country cuz the fraudsters really do complain the loudest. How did you start creating the videos? Yes. So, I've been making a video every single week for the past two years. I posted a video consistently, over a hundred videos over the past. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. Before that, but didn't you make videos in high school or something? &gt;&gt; Yes. So, I made videos in high school. I used to love YouTubers like Logan Paul, Casey Neistat. Um, I'd always listen to people like Joe Rogan, Alex Jones, and I would always would always &gt;&gt; Super far right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Super far right. Super far right. But, uh, so like I started watching like vloggers in high school like Casey and Logan, and I said, "Well, this is fun. I could do this." I always grew up making videos with my older brothers. My older brother is actually a YouTuber as well. And um so I just started making videos in high school. And then as I got older um I became more mature and I started to get more interesting, more interested and to see how the world works. And uh then from there I started making political videos. But I realized you actually can't make political videos as a small creator on YouTube because if you put the word Trump in your video, if you question COVID or you question uh like vaccines, uh they'll censor your video and you won't be able to get views. therefore you won't be able to make money. And um then after that, I continued to make videos. Took a two-year break to go do a service mission for my church. Came back. I had learned Spanish on my mission and really dove into the political side of things with going to the the southern border and interviewing migrants as they came across the border. across the border. &gt;&gt; I I remember seeing those videos. I didn't know it was you making them, but uh those were kind of crazy. Like people were hiding their faces. People didn't want to say where they were coming from. People didn't want to say where they were going. And some of it's like look, some people just want personal privacy. **[8:06]** some people just want personal privacy. That's fine. But the fact that it was like a very long line of people just walking across the border kind of nuts. &gt;&gt; Yes. I mean, I was shocked when I went went there the first time. I had no idea what I was getting into. I went there by myself with a tripod and it was literally just me and uh I'm interviewing these migrants that come over. Some are ecstatic, others are trying to hide away, get away from the camera. And then I'm I'm there all by myself at the southern border. And some border patrol guy comes up to me. He's like, "You know, there's a cartel war going on the other side of there." I said, "What? What? Like, these people are happy to be there." They're like, "Yeah, they're getting dropped off by the cartel." And nobody really knew exactly what's happening cuz nobody could speak to the migrants. And because I could speak Spanish, I I was able to actually break down pretty much exactly how the whole entire system worked as to them them them then flying these migrants to places like New York City and the Roosevelt Hotel. I was really the first one to ever get a migrant saying, "Yeah, I'm living here for seven months for completely free." I mean, just crazy, right? And when the migrants came across the border, did they know, hey, you're going to get a hotel room in New York City or like you kind of get here and then you &gt;&gt; Everyone knew like in down from Ecuador, they were putting up signs like just make it to the US &gt;&gt; and then you just you get a free hotel room and the whole thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're going to live the American dream. dream. It was like that's when I really started to see how corrupt the the world was and how corrupt the government was. I went down and I saw like just walked by the Roosevelt Hotel because I'd heard about it for months and months and month and eventually you're just like it can't be as crazy as and it was one of those experiences where like whatever you read in the media didn't even scratch the surface of what was actually going on. And it's not like people are you know dealing drugs outside openly right in front of the Roosevelt Hotel. Maybe they were doing some of that stuff &gt;&gt; on the backside. &gt;&gt; Maybe on the backside, right? But in terms of just you could see there's a bunch of young guys who have nothing to do who are hanging out. They're not paying for anything, right? All this stuff. The the hotel was like had this like weird security thing of like who went in, who went out, all this kind of **[10:07]** went in, who went out, all this kind of stuff. And then you start hearing stories of like, oh, they're going to, you know, um Time Square and they're causing problems or they're, you know, bothering people or whatever. You're like, "Well, of course you got a bunch of, you know, 18 to 25, 18 to 30 year old men." old men." &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Who got a lot of free time. &gt;&gt; What do you think is going to happen? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, just between the Roosevelt Watson and the Row Hotel, New York City was literally housing train gang members. And on the back side of the Roosevelt Hotel, I actually confronted Train Days cuz there was a group of these gangsters called the the Diablo of 42nd Street, the Devils of 42nd Street. They're a young gang of 15-year-olds. Train Days would then use them to go out and commit these crimes cuz you can't prosecute a 15-year-old. And I remember like going and confronting them and these people would literally run from the camera. Meanwhile, they're hiding and living inside of the Rose Hotel on our dime and we're paying for them to go out and commit crime. And I thought, well, how crazy is that? That the United States is trafficking people into our country. They're then housing gang members, giving them priority. Meanwhile, there's a homeless person here on the street. What's the most scared you've been while you've been filming? you've been filming? The most scared I've ever been filming probably in Kensington, Philadelphia. Really? Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I remember like this was towards the end of my video I made there. I This guy was like, "Oh, I'll take you over to this spot." And I was like, "Okay." &gt;&gt; And this is like a guy that &gt;&gt; he's on fentanyl. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And I was like, "Okay, this ally." &gt;&gt; He was an ally cuz he was super nice, super cool, and he was telling me, giving me the giving me the &gt;&gt; teaching me how to go down. He was an insider down there on fentanyl. But um he's like, "Yeah, come over here. this guy, he's a really cool guy. Go meet him. Go meet him. And so I walk over there and all of a sudden these guys pop out of the house from a distance. They all flash their pistols. They're like, "No, no, get your ass over there. We just want to shoot you if you get any closer." closer." &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; And I was like, "All right, yep. We're done for the video." And that's where the video end. the video end. &gt;&gt; You had security with you at the time or no? No. no? No. &gt;&gt; No. Yeah. So this is like &gt;&gt; just like a year ago or so. &gt;&gt; You're in danger. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I never filmed with security beforehand. It was always me. I like I would go out to these protests here in **[12:07]** would go out to these protests here in New York City all by myself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And did you were you ever assaulted or anything like that? &gt;&gt; Oh, one one time a girl she uh Crackhead Barney her name is. She's a a paid protester here in New York City. &gt;&gt; What what is her name? &gt;&gt; Crackhead Barney. &gt;&gt; Crackhead Barney. &gt;&gt; That that's like she introduces herself that way. that way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what she calls herself. Crackhead Barney. Crackhead Barney. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Uh Crackhead Barney. She saw me at this protest. I didn't know who she was at that time. She takes off her shirt, starts flashing her boobs in my uh &gt;&gt; Oh, I've seen this video. &gt;&gt; In my live stream, hoping it was going to take it down. It didn't take it down. Then she starts jumping up all over me. I mean, that was pretty much assault right there. right there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you think that she knew that uh from a religious standpoint and was like trying to like make you uncomfortable or just was like trying to be an idiot and get the video taken down? down? &gt;&gt; A little bit of both, probably. I mean, whether you're religious or not, I think that's pretty messed up to take your shirt off and do that in public and put it on. it on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you have different standards than some other people. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Obviously, but still, I mean, what if she did that to you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, here's the thing. Um I I uh saw Patrick McDavid and you had a conversation and I think in that you said you've never done drugs before like just talk a little bit as to I think when people see somebody going doing something that they think is quotequote high risk right they would assume that you're partying a bunch you're doing drugs you know you're you're having all these like one night stands living like a rockstar lifestyle and you know as I've gotten to know you I think it's like the exact opposite. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like for me I don't drink don't smoke not hooking up with random girls. I don't do drugs. Um, I live a pretty like clean lifestyle, I'd say. And I think that's like my biggest benefit in my I think that's why I've been able to get to the point where I am now because I don't really have those distractions that most people do or have those certain vices and I'm able to kind of like I have my goal and I have my vision and I just go after it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it helps me stay in line. &gt;&gt; What's the goal with all of the content stuff? Like what do you want to keep done? done? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the goal if you were asking what my mission statement is, I'd say it's to show the reality of things as they really are to people. And who knows where I'll be in 10 years from now. Um, but I just want to continue to do what I'm doing and really impact the world in **[14:08]** I'm doing and really impact the world in the best way I can. And I think right now with this fraud stuff, I think for my generation especially, I think if we can do one thing to try and serve our country is to to call out the fraud and to expose it. Because if we don't, I mean, these people are just going to continue to steal our money. Steal our money, steal our money, and that just devalues our dollar as well. And our life's very expensive. And it's not cool for a fraudster who really shouldn't even be here. Most of these people are foreigners that are committing this fraud. Um fraud. Um &gt;&gt; the number that blew my mind was I saw something that said um it was specific to Minnesota and they said uh a Somali immigrant who had been here at least 10 years. Something like 78% I think was the number of those people are still on social assistance. social assistance. &gt;&gt; Yes. 81% of Somalians living in Minnesota are on some sort of welfare program program &gt;&gt; and and so like I think that the people who are empathetic right and um they would look at that and say wow America is able to provide all this for these people they are trying to help them these people need you know help like eight out of 10 of them you know are so desperate that they need to be on social services I think the other side is like well hold on a second here that is like exponentially higher percentage than pretty much any other demographic in the country why is it that eight out of every 10 Somalians are on social welfare versus, you know, any other group. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so, I mean, they're draining our money by these welfare programs. I mean, millions and millions of dollars go toward towards that. Billions dollars, actually. And, um, think about that. You have people here who are living off of welfare. Meanwhile, people are spending upwards of 20 to 50% of their income goes back into the hands of the federal government to go towards people that will actually not even pay federal taxes because they're not making any money. In a case like Minnesota too and this is even happening in other places like in New Jersey with like the hetic Jews, they're having 10 20 children like a lot of children. And with the Somalians, they're able to have four wives so they can claim welfare on **[16:09]** four wives so they can claim welfare on four different people. So they they basically because they have four wives or the ones who do have four wives, uh they can still claim social welfare off of uh all of the different wives and children. children. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if you if you thought about that that &gt;&gt; and if you look at how these daycarees are ran too when I went and did the videos, the only people you saw were women. And so these women actually don't ever really get W2s or they're they're not getting um the tax documents. So instead they're e either getting paid cash um and so that way they actually are never saying they're working so they can go and claim these benefits. &gt;&gt; Who's the coolest person you've met through this whole process? &gt;&gt; The coolest person &gt;&gt; like somebody called you or or you got a meet or something and you're like wow that that was that was probably can't get topped. get topped. &gt;&gt; I mean Elon Musk uh interacting with him on X like just sending him a simple DM that was really cool. Um &gt;&gt; he sent you a meme back. &gt;&gt; He sent me a meme back. No, what's funny is Elon Musk, you can see he uh so he follows me and then he subscribes to me. So I always make this joke like Elon Musk gives me $5 a month. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes. That's pretty good, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's pretty funny. What What um &gt;&gt; I think that's cool. &gt;&gt; How can people support you like in terms of they can subscribe on X, but like what what are the big things that uh you focus on in terms of uh people supporting you? supporting you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so if people want to support me, cuz now my life has gotten a lot more expensive cuz to do these videos, you have to roll around with security. So I do accept donations from people if they do want to support. Um, &gt;&gt; where do they go to do that? &gt;&gt; They can do that at supportnickshirley.com. supportnickshirley.com. There's a few uh ways whether that be through Bitcoin or Venmo or PayPal. You name it, you can donate there. &gt;&gt; People send you Bitcoin? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, people do send me Bitcoin. That's awesome. I haven't got a full Bitcoin from anyone yet. But, uh, that would be pretty sick. If you're watching this video, there's a couple Bitcoiners on here. You never know. &gt;&gt; You never know. You never know. Um, but yeah. I mean, I I love crypto, too. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. Well, when when did you I didn't know that. When when do you get into that? What's funny is you messaged me and I was like, "Oh, no way. This guy, it was the I remember you with the laser eyes on X back when I was in high **[18:10]** eyes on X back when I was in high school." AND UH school." AND UH so I so I &gt;&gt; because I saw when when I started to see some of the videos and I saw that you followed me, I was like, "Come on, no way." Like maybe uh uh 2019 since I was in high school, I started to kind of get into crypto, learn about it a little bit. Um but yeah, I've uh been really fascinated by crypto and everything. it. I mean, it it's crazy to think of it this way, but it is a very Bitcoiner mentality to like want to find the fraud, stop the government spending, you know, do all that kind of stuff, and then also from a payment standpoint, use an asset that can't be shut down by, you know, banks or or whatever. Have you had any of those problems like the debanking or anything like that? anything like that? &gt;&gt; No, not not yet. I hope not to have to go through any of it. &gt;&gt; I think you'll be just fine. All right. And then what's up with the the sweatshirts? sweatshirts? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; The Laring Center. Those are also on support.com. Uh, you can go and find those, but that if you want just a sweatshirt, that's surely defense.com. &gt;&gt; Shirley def. Okay. Did uh uh Larrying Center do they get upset that you you took their logo? took their logo? &gt;&gt; Well, I actually didn't take it because they then fixed it to be the the Learning Center after it was called the Laring Center. So, everyone's like, "Oh, they're going to trademark you." I'm like, "Well, actually, they can't because it's the Learning It's actually the Learning Center, but they said Learning Center and fixed it." &gt;&gt; They They messed it up. &gt;&gt; They messed it up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. &gt;&gt; And they packed up shop and they're gone. They're out of Minnesota. Oh, they're out. they're out. &gt;&gt; They're out of Minneapolis. Yeah. there. Who know? They probably went back to smaller or something. smaller or something. &gt;&gt; And then what do your friends think about all this? about all this? &gt;&gt; Uh I think it's they probably like it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But I'm I'm assuming you lost friends over some of this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I mean, some people nowadays it's like fraud became controversial in a way where it was like, "Hey, you guys know we're exposing the fraud and we're cutting out waste." And uh And uh so some people if I mean if my real friends got mad about me that about that go off and have their own lives, but uh everyone else supports me, you know, &gt;&gt; for the most part. Yeah. And then um the uh the Canal Street videos, &gt;&gt; you're you're a legend on Canal Street, it seems like, cuz they know when you're coming. coming. &gt;&gt; I if I were to go to down to Canal **[20:10]** &gt;&gt; I if I were to go to down to Canal Street right now with a GoPro, you would see so many scammers start running. You'd start think you'd think that Ice was there. Like it's not a joke. Really? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean I saw the one video where they literally are picking everything up and running. But like anytime you go there, you think that that's how quickly they would react. would react. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. I mean literally a few of their buddies got deported that assaulted me and my cameraman that jumped my cameraman and punched me in the face. &gt;&gt; So yeah, I don't think they like me. The scammers down there. And it's just like those people, they make the street all messy and dirty and then you have all these feel like, oh that's just a part of New York City. But no, it's not like that. I remember going down to Canal Street in like uh 2018 and yeah, there were some people, but it was totally different. They grabbed they you'd say, "I'm looking for something." And they'd put you in a different spot. It wasn't just hundreds and hundreds of people clogging up the street, making it dirty, and uh it's completely different. &gt;&gt; I think that the craziest part about the whole thing is like uh let's just say that it is true that it's always been like that. like that. &gt;&gt; It still doesn't make it right. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Right. And again, it goes back to like there may be some people who are uh legally doing the right thing, whatever. And and I think separating out &gt;&gt; those people should be allowed to keep doing what they're doing, right? Um &gt;&gt; and think about what it says about what think about what it says to a criminal here in in New York City, for instance. Okay, we're going to go we're going to make all these counterfeits. We're going to sell them illegally. We're going to make cash. We're not going to have to pay any taxes cuz it's all cash. We're not even from America. But and then no one's going to get mad at us. So, what other crimes can we get away with? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; If we can go and do this and make $10,000 in a week, what else can we do? &gt;&gt; Do do you like just like uh they know who you are? Do you know who they are? Like do you know who like the the ring leaders are? leaders are? &gt;&gt; Well, the ring leader got deported. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Yes. So, now there's probably a new one. &gt;&gt; Got it. It's like a power vacuum on Canal Street. Canal Street. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And what about your boy Sweeney? He he's uh he's having a field day down there. there. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Sweeny. I love that, man. He's **[22:11]** &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Sweeny. I love that, man. He's hilarious. Um, hilarious. Um, &gt;&gt; and Zoron, I think that they're going to get married or something like &gt;&gt; Well, they got an interesting relationship right there. relationship right there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Sweeny's got like a new video every day. It's like the best thing that ever happened to his Instagram account is Zon got it got got elected so he could rail on him every day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The the whole thing with the canal stream, what Sweenie is doing is it's like this is not right. Like one thing I didn't like about Mandami, he said he's not going to he doesn't want to support ICE. And it's like, well, okay, think about what you're what you're supporting. You're supporting people stealing from Americans, committing these it's a crime to be selling counterfeit goods and then they're not paying taxes. Meanwhile, you're trying to tax people here in extra percentages or you're making people &gt;&gt; almost 10% increase on uh homeowners. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that's his threat. &gt;&gt; So, think about that. And meanwhile, they just let this go on and they're protecting a a small group of minorities. Meanwhile, they're making the rest suffer for their actions. &gt;&gt; You You know what I think was one of your greatest advantages is that you're young. young. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Right. I think in in uh in kind of a crazy way, you you uh you're curious and so like not knowing how some things work actually means that you go and try to learn, which I I think is very admirable. But also uh how many other you know how many people that are over the age of 35 would take a camera and go to Kensington Philadelphia and listen to the crackhead you know or guy fend all be like hey go down here and be like sure no problem. sure no problem. &gt;&gt; It's very true and I think like me being young is a big advantage and I'm not an expert on everything I go and film about. That's why I'm going out and to do it is I'm going to see and learn and a lot of people on the internet can understand that that yeah I'm not an expert on everything but I am going and learning which something is something which is something you're not doing. you're criticizing the person who's actually going to create. &gt;&gt; And that's what the internet is now. It's a bunch of people who criticize. Meanwhile, there's people out there that are actually trying to create and make a difference. And people have realized it's actually a lot easier to criticize from a couch than it is to go out on the street and make a difference or to sit on a laptop and edit a video for 10, 20 hours and do research for all this time. **[24:13]** hours and do research for all this time. And uh that's something I've also learned throughout all this is these these people that criticize actually never create. never create. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's crazy. All right. So, support nickshirley.com. nickshirley.com. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, everyone go check it out. You send Bitcoin. Maybe someone send you a full Bitcoin. &gt;&gt; Someone sends me a full Bitcoin. &gt;&gt; Someone sends a full Bitcoin. That you're going to be pretty excited. &gt;&gt; I'll be happy. &gt;&gt; All right. We'll do it again in the future. future. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Thank you, man.
