---
title: "Jamie Dimon IS BULLISH Despite Markets Fears"
channel: "0:00 Intro"
channel_slug: anthony-pompliano
video_id: tZ5tRcQ8mug
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZ5tRcQ8mug
upload_date: 2026-03-03
duration: "8:20"
description: "It's been a turbulent month in the market. AI fears have picked up substantially and now we have a new geopolitical conflict throw in there. We're saying that fear today as all assets are selling off right now. Time to sell? CEO of JPMorgan Jamie Dimon doesn't think so. The goat of Wall Street had s"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Jamie Dimon IS BULLISH Despite Markets Fears

**Channel:** 0:00 Intro
**Date:** 2026-03-03
**Duration:** 8:20
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZ5tRcQ8mug

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Hello everyone. We've got Jamie Diamond's latest thoughts on the US economy. We've got a brand new mortgage product that's going to make homes more affordable. And we have five charts that going to prove why the US is going after Iran and Venezuela. We're live today from the desk of Anthony Papiano. Before we get into today's episode, I need your help. My goal is to get to 1 million subscribers on YouTube. Hit the button and let's get into today's episode. episode. Now, everyone knows Jaime Diamond. He's got a lot of data and he understands what's happening in the US economy better than most. He's got all of these quants, all of these nerds sitting at JP Morgan and they're constantly telling him, "Here's what consumers are doing. Here's what businesses are doing. Here's what all of the data is saying." So, whenever Jaime Diamond talks about the US economy and his recent thoughts, I perk up and I take a listen. Jaime was recently at a conference and he was interviewed and he said that he thinks that the US economy is doing just fine. Take a listen here. The mood here is not bad. Actually, there's a lot of optimism. There are a lot of different companies that are building things and investing things. I mean, how vulnerable really is the US economy right now to some sort of geopolitical shock? &gt;&gt; Well, it may not be geopolitical. It may be the companies who start to lay people off. And so, I I look, the most important thing in the world today is geopolitical. what happens to the free western democratic world which has kind of been under attack by Russia and Ukraine by Iran in the Middle East you know a little bit by China who wants to you know divide and conquer the western world and you know both militarily and economically you know you have all their neighbors are rearming because of their actions not because anyone else so those are the most important things I'd add global deficits are so large but those are those are like I call like large moving tectonic plates that may or may not affect the economy in the short they may be determinative in the longer run. And some of these things when you talk about war, you know, Vietnam, you know, did it affect the economy in the very short run? No. It had a 20-year effect after that. So, you you got to look at these things as they're moving plates that'll it can take 5 years to **[2:02]** plates that'll it can take 5 years to have an effect, but effectively real. Right now, the economy is doing fine. Asset prices are high. People are assuming things go on. I mean, no one you talk to has any idea the credit spreads could gap out a lot and they could just because of sentiment and so uh so yeah I think there's a little bit a little more exuberance than I think there should be uh but we've had years of it and you know the one big beautiful bill adds to uh you know adds to growth this year bank deregulation other deregulation adds to growth and animal spirits uh so we'll see. Now, of course, Jaime's a pretty rational person, and he's not just going to say everything's fine and he's got no worries. He does think that inflation could be a potential skunk at the party. Take a listen to his rationale. &gt;&gt; Well, how off sides would this market be if there were truly a shock given the fact that there seems to be comfort with the idea of disinflation right now? &gt;&gt; Well, I think that's true, but I think that that was true before this war. So, if you look at, you know, my view is that the price asset price is kind of high, credit spreads are kind of low. It's kind of a lot of complacency in the market. I'm not sure. You know, we look at risk. We look at the broad range of outcomes and there are negative outcomes, but one of them would be, you know, inflation. I call that's the skunk of the party. So, it's been coming down, but it seems to maybe leveled off around 3%. If things make it go up, and this is only one thing, you know, you can look at medical prices, construction prices, insurance prices, wages for certain things, other things. You know, inflation is a big thing. It's not just oil. Uh so, you know, we'll see. right now this will add a little bit literally a teeny bit to inflation. &gt;&gt; Now I don't necessarily agree with Jamie. I've continued to say that I believe that inflation is not the risk that actually deflation is the risk. We know that deportations, artificial intelligence, robotics, and tariffs are all deflationary forces that are swallowing the US economy. I get that he thinks that everything's going fine and he's worried about that inflation. Yes, of course. If we're going into Iran, if we're going into Venezuela, if we are actually going to have oil prices spike higher, all of those things could lead to inflation. But I don't think that's going to happen. And instead, what we saw with true inflation recently is that inflation went back down below.8. That **[4:05]** inflation went back down below.8. That means to me that deflation is a bigger risk, not inflation. risk, not inflation. Everyone knows that homes are incredibly unaffordable in America right now. We know that the average mortgage payment is doubled since 2020. We also know that the number of pending home sales in America is at a record low since they started paying attention to the data. Is a really bad problem. One of the key inputs to that is how expensive is capital? If mortgage rates are high, then it's more expensive for people to be able to buy a home. And so that's why yesterday Open Door announced a brand new mortgage product. Now, this is very interesting because they announced it with a 4.99% with a 4.99% interest rate on that mortgage that is significantly lower than the about 6% mortgages that are out there right now. So, how exactly is Open Door able to get 4.99% mortgage? Well, Cass, the CEO of Open Door, came out and he explained what they are doing is they are essentially trying to automate every single piece of the function of actually issuing a mortgage. They're doing the mortgage in-house and so they're able to strip out a bunch of the bureaucracy, a bunch of the inefficiencies. But on top of that, Open Door seems to have asked themselves, how could we actually get a mortgage product to the end consumer at the cheapest rate possible rather than how we could get a mortgage product to the end consumer and make the most money. See, incentives matter. And so anytime that you have somebody who's showing up and saying, "We actually want to help the consumer. We want to drop the cost of this thing and we want to be the lowest cost provider," they start to do all sorts of different things that may not be economic for the company, but it's better for the end consumer. Now, this is the entire strategy that Cass used when he was at Shopify. Him, Toby, Harley, and others that led that leadership team, they all realized that owning the relationship between Shopify and the business owner, that was the key. And then once you have that relationship and that trust, you could then sell tons of services around it. Well, that's what they're going to do at Open Door here. Yes, they want you to go and buy and sell homes on their platform, but obviously they're going to also allow you to go ahead and borrow a mortgage. And if they can do it at the lowest cost, that's going to bring more and more people to the platform. And so having a mortgage rate that now is going to sit at 4.99%, sure, it's only in testing, but my guess is that this thing's going to be hot. And the reason why it's going to be hot is because homes are so unaffordable. And so **[6:06]** homes are so unaffordable. And so getting a 4.99% mortgage today means a lot of people they're going to be jumping up and running on over to Open Door. Door. One of the big questions going on in the global economy right now is why is the United States going after Venezuela and Iran? But the thing is it's not really about Venezuela and Iran. Sure, we're engaged there in terms of going and capturing Nicholas Maduro or we are striking Iran, but this is all about a geopolitical conflict with China. And China is actually the target of the US actions. Let me explain what's going on here. So we know that China actually gets a huge amount of oil from Iran and Venezuela. For example, last year Iran and Venezuela exported most of their oil to China. Iran was at 87% of all oil produced. They actually exported that to China. On top of that, 55% of all exports from Venezuela went to China. That's a big deal. Now, we know that 17% of all Chinese oil imports, those came from Venezuela and from Iran. Big deal. On top of that, we know that China's importing about 5 million daily barrels of oil through the straight of Hormos. That's why all of a sudden that straight has become so important, especially because most tankers are unwilling to actually go through while there's conflict going on in Iran. And then lastly, we also know that Asia is very dependent on all oil that is coming through that straight of Hermos. Some countries, it's as much as 80 or 90% of all oil actually comes through that straight. And so as long as the United States is engaged in conflict in Iran and Iran shooting missiles all over the Gulf Coast region, there's going to be less oil that flows through that. And that's why people are so worried about oil prices spiking higher. Now, the thing is that the United States also seems to have been somewhat strategic. We went into Venezuela and got Nicholas Maduro. It seems like now we've got a lot more control over the oil that's coming out of Venezuela. And we did that before we went into Iran. It allows the United States to be able to have a much better control over oil prices globally. And my guess is that it was able to deter a lot of the potential economic pain that came from our decision to go into Iran. And so the question turns to China. What exactly are they going to do? They're going to get less oil and so are they going to change their geopolitical strategy? We know that the **[8:07]** geopolitical strategy? We know that the United States just made a move on the chessboard and now the ball's in China's court. That's it for today's show. Thank you guys so much for paying attention and watching. I really appreciate it. Please remember to subscribe on YouTube and I will see you all live from the desk of Anthony Pompiano
