---
title: "AI Inference Explosion: Veo 3, Job Losses, and the Future of Global Growth Led by Bitcoin"
channel: "Jordi Visser"
channel_slug: jordi-visser
video_id: Vbps35gyIvg
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vbps35gyIvg
upload_date: 2025-06-01
duration: "36:34"
description: "In this week's video, it was the best month for the SPX this year.  Charts look good as they consolidate near the all-time highs.  Economic data is surprising on the upside driven by a bounce in the soft data.  Tariff Man vowed that the tariff war is not over despite a court ruling against its legal"
view_count: 11765
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-03
---

# AI Inference Explosion: Veo 3, Job Losses, and the Future of Global Growth Led by Bitcoin

**Channel:** Jordi Visser
**Date:** 2025-06-01
**Duration:** 36:34
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vbps35gyIvg

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]**week. Um, I'm not going to read through all these. You can pause it here and go through it yourself. Uh, got a lot to cover. Uh, just in terms of the finish for May, it was the best month since 2023. Charts look great above the 200 day now for a couple weeks. Continued to consolidate here just below all-time highs. You can see some of the moving averages crossing above. So, the 20-day is now above the the 200 day. and the NDX looks uh even better. So, the technology stuff has uh has really not only bounced back but been leading the way. Uh MSCI World X the US uh also all the way back and this is at all-time highs. So, pretty much across the board it's been a big rally. The Russell 2000 continues to lag uh behind. Uh, I'll spend some time on that later and I'll show this chart twice, but just so you see it, this is IWM over the QQQs. This is the launch of the iPhone. This is the launch of Chat GPT. We'll get through that as we get later into this. Rates continue to go sideways here. Again, uh, you know, all this stuff on how deadly rates are getting and things. We've been sitting up around this area now for multiple years. And just to show it, this is the 100w week uh moving average. So again, we're talking about two years and we're just above where we've been for two years. So uh there's just not a uh a big thing coming from the rate market until we get a significant rise. And even then, I don't think it's going to do what people want. Uh on the bearish side in terms of the bare bull sentiment, we got briefly above the net zero line where there were more more bulls and bears, but uh that dropped back down again. So the sentiment is still at best cautious. It is definitely not bullish. And just to kind of do Barkclay's put this out this week and measured everyone in terms of**[2:02]**week and measured everyone in terms of Zcore of equity positioning across strategies and you can see that again regardless of what you're doing um overall the sentiment is still it's caught uh didn't participate in the rally and doesn't believe it and despite a lot of the changes uh the sentiment is still sitting there. So uh we started to get the soft data bounce that I talked about the last couple weeks. Uh this was the consumer confidence confidence expectations change for the month. 17 point jump, the biggest since the two months coming out of the great financial crisis. So soft data picking up. Uh in terms of surprise index, we finished the month with the best of the year now in terms of the city surprise index for the US going up best since uh late last year or coming out of the SAM rule bounce again. And again, this these are relative to expectations. So whenever there's a bearish recession thing, that's when you typically get the data surprising on the upside. Europe best month also since last summer. uh EM really strong, biggest since 2023. This is a bigger story. I will go through some stuff on EM uh which uh is an area I like, but in particular South America and my former home of Brazil. Uh just in terms of the the GDP number, um I just want to highlight how steady things have been. There was a lot of noise obviously because of all the the inventory build, the imports, the whole thing. But if you just take the final sales to private domestic producers, which is what Powell mentioned in the most recent most recent uh FOMC meeting uh uh press conference, just look how steady it is. You're just everything is just growing fine and we're basically in the exact same area we were during here. So uh final sales fine and now for Q2 because we got the bounce back on the trade side uh after a a**[4:04]**a minus.3% we're looking at right now for GDP now 3.8% in Q2. Uh I thought this was good in terms of just trying to highlight again something I've talked about which is uh instead of no tariffs let's just say the tariffs have come down significantly. We got tax cuts through, fiscal p package from Germany, stimulus from China, global easing cycle, oil prices down, the AI capex boom not only continues but is going higher and we're about to get a major productivity boost. I'll go through this later and no integration so the un unemployment rate doesn't spike. I will talk about that as well, but basically with all that going on, there should be more positivity than there is. Uh but this is all related to the losses that people posted and the fact that they didn't didn't buy in the days after this uh silly thing. Um obviously the big news for the week, a trade court ruled President Trump didn't have the authority to do the tariffs. So that keeps tariffs on the headline. Uh and I fully believe that he is on a mission from God to do uh what he believes is the right thing to do and nothing is going to stop what he's planning. Uh and I think that's a given already, you know, over fri late Friday doubles the steel tariffs. So the tariffs are not going away. And I just want to remind people that uh when Scott Besson gave this interview and in November said he sees a global economic reordering, he wants to be part of it again. This is the Steven Mirren uh playbook. Uh and it's starting to now go again into something I talked about last week. You're going to hear me talk about it a lot because it is the other side of the trade. If you're not able to do trade, then that would increase the other direction, which is okay, fine. If the trade balance is the issue on one end, well, then we have too much capital on the other end that's come in. And so, an obscure tax item in the Trump bill alarms Wall Street. So, this was in Thursday, and you're starting to get**[6:05]**Thursday, and you're starting to get people realizing about capital control. So this is the net investment foreign investment in US assets which is now up at $30 trillion. So in the tax bill and we'll see from the house if it is t if it is taken out in the senate uh which is some of the discussion. You've got these points in there where now there's tax implications possibly if we want to tax people uh foreigners taking money outside the country. So by having it in there, I just want to remind people Mirren's primary focus is on tariffs and currency adjustment. He acknowledges that if multilateral efforts to realign currencies fail, unilateral measures, including capital including capital controls, could be employed. Um this is just really important. Now the currency has weakened, so you'd think it was less, but again this is being brought up. So the AEI this week or the end of last week, Congress should not impose capital controls. The House version of the uh big beautiful bill introduces three and a half% excite tax on remittances. Finally, most concerning that a tax on remittances may be viewed as a step towards broader capital controls. I just want to make sure you guys keep this in the back of your mind and I'm going to reiterate. You should go listen to this podcast with Russell Napier who talks about the fact that all trade wars at the end of the day are capital wars. Um in the UK this week confirms powers to force pension funds to back British assets. Again, you're starting to see this happening. Nationalism, which is what Russell Napier talks about, and capital controls fit in with that. Also, what fits into that is the fact that if Asia decides that uh their $7 half trillion dollar bet on US assets suddenly unraveling, repatriation becomes a theme. And if Donald Trump wants to figure a way to make sure that if they're going to pull their money out, they're paying for it. uh that's where you get into the situation again of of of capital controls. So the other thing inside here that Mirren specifically mentioned in**[8:07]**that Mirren specifically mentioned in his paper was China and the fact that their currency is a major issue. So remember the biggest trade deficits with China their currency is pegged and just an idea we've seen the dollar weaken this year. Yes. But when you go look at okay it's it's weaker against all these currencies the yen 8% blah blah blah. And then you come down to China and zero. This is the problem in the world is that the Chinese currency is pegged to the dollar and until something changes changes there, you're going to have this uh situation where I think the administration realizes that to do what they want to do, they're going to have to continue the fight up against China. The other thing that is starting to become a little bit more known uh that you don't hear a lot of people talk about is the rare earth situation. So the rare earth the rare earth problem and the fact that the Chinese control over 90% of processed rare earths and how it's a massive part of everything from phones to uh weapons to humanoids basically everything humanoids basically everything electronic everything that would um be needed for AI in terms of semiconductors rare earth and the fact that China has it plus tariffs equals crisis um this was from Europe China dominates global rare earths with a 90% market share market share uh Brazil, Greenland. I'm bringing those up for reason that I'll get into in a little bit. Uh but this is the reason why, and this was this week, USChina trade troops risk falling apart over the rare earth rare earth exports. Uh remember when they signed the deal with Ukraine, it was about rare earth minerals. Greenland, rare earths attract European US interest. So when he's talking about Greenland and everyone's saying it's purely a strategic thing um from from a war or from part of the US rare earth is a major major part. It's a major issue right now and China controls it. Uh this is where I just want to make sure I make**[10:08]**is where I just want to make sure I make a little pivot towards Brazil which I referenced which is uh where in the world are the rare earths? So you've got China as the leading in reserves. So these are reserves. This is not mining production. This is mining production. You can see China dominating mining production. Um, Brazil's reserves massive. massive. Uh, this is going to be Brazil is going to be a major part of the China US kind of fight in terms of who has access to the rare earth minerals. Uh, there's a lot of other things that China has uh in terms of need for technology. Again, this stuff has not been mined. So, this is a major effort. It's an infrastructure thing. But I think Brazil will benefit significantly because of the fight over AI and minerals and the amount that's needed because of what I'm going to go through with just the acceleration of AI from inference. Here is EWZ overlaid with the Asian dollar. So So EWZ is MSCI Brazil and obviously you're getting the benefit of the real or the negativity of the real since the day that I left Brazil in 1998 or 1999 as I've shown the real has basically gone straight down with little pauses of strength and those pauses of strength occurred during the commodity boom when China was growing and importing tons of commodities. uh that's when their currency was trained since that point and really since the iPhone we've been in this perma thing like most things around the world where software took over hardware was not needed I believe we're transitioning now into a hardware um side because of the rebuild necessary for everything due to AI everything will have intelligence inside of it and this is a major change and I think it benefits Brazil despite the fact that it's got a fiscal deficit and all these other issues um if the Asian dollar is going to rally uh which I believe it will for the repatriation side and for the things I've talked about. Uh Brazil is going to be a major benefactor. If you want to combine uh commodities and the Asian dollar, uh I created a CRB uh**[12:11]**the Asian dollar, uh I created a CRB uh metals and again this a little different because it's going to be dominated by nickel and copper which are obviously important but the mineral side is a different story. The indices inside for commodities are not weighted towards AR. They are weighted towards the industrial revolution. So I think this is where you're going to see a benefit come for Brazil amongst other things. But anything where the dollar is weakening is a major major part. It helps the inflation story there if their currency is strong as well. Uh and what's happened happened EWZ is up right now 5% so far this quarter. It was up big so far. So it's up big this year. But the reason I want to bring this up, you got to go back to 19 when we had two quarters that were positive. Since then you haven't been able to sustain anything positive. So I look for changes in market. I look for changes in things that are going on. And so I think Brazil is an opportunity and a very good a very good riskreward. Uh despite the headwinds that they've had inside the country, I think you're getting the opportunity at a very attractive level given what's happening with the trade war and the fact that I think a weaker dollar is going to be the outcome and at the same point that you're going to have a uh a need for AI minerals. So, in terms of Nvidia, I just again they reported this doesn't stop. So, uh anyone who believed that we were peaking and that we weren't going to see it, it's just not happening. And as I go through, acceleration is really the name of the game. Uh Trump sets out, this happened on Friday. I didn't mention it last weekend, but um taking the nuclear goals from 100 gawatts up to 400 gawatt is just a massive number. Just to give you guys an idea, it costs about $8 billion of of uh cost per gigawatt. So you're talking about somewhere around $2.5 trillion. And that's using older numbers before the tariffs and everything else uh plus building in any costs that are going higher. But you're talking about again on top of the capex numbers, on top of the uh the Stargate edition, on top of what Saudi Arabia, you just got a massive build of infrastructure which is**[14:14]**massive build of infrastructure which is going to help GDP. uh and again you're getting into a point now where the massive demand in the compute and the need for time uh for inference time resources is becoming a big thing. I'm including this in here because Demis Hassab has talked about I'm going to get more into this. Um remember I wrote this piece uh on May 15th about the inference inflection where most of where I highlighted how many companies had talked about the shift to shift to inference exacerbating dramatically the amount of demand for compute power. This was a recent um report in McKenzie. You can go get it for free. But it goes through through um the high demand that's showing up in the compute side. uh and in particular by 2030 data centers are projected to require $7 trillion worldwide to keep pace with demand for compute power uh and they just go through the numbers. I mean these things have been talked about before but this is just massive in terms of March if you remember I mentioned that Sachin Nadella came out and said that over 100 trillion 100red trillion tokens were what they saw as the demand in the first quarter with 50 of that coming in March. I'm just highlighting this to make sure to make the point on VO3. Our GPUs are melting. OpenAI puts a limiter after Jibli tsunami. So Jibli, if you didn't know it, it was an image uh uh creator uh that basically increased demand dramatically because of the inference side that was necessary to generate the generate the videos. So this is what Demis Saba said. So V3 came out last week. I briefly mentioned it. Now I'm going to go through and just explain why I think this is so important for everything. I wrote a paper on it uh this week. The demand demand side for VO is off the charts. So if you haven't used it yet, uh you can either pay $20 a month and I think you get 10 uh per month or you can go to the 250,**[16:15]**uh per month or you can go to the 250, you get like three a day or yeah, three a day for the month. Whatever the case is, 8 seconds a limited amount. And that's because of the massive amount of compute it takes for a regular prompt in chat GPT compared to V3 video for for 8 seconds. You're talking about a hundred times the need. So the power is just the demand is just off the charts. Um and that's what he says. The demand for V3 has been off the charts. Millions of videos have been generated in the past few days alone. now available. It it unless you go play with it and I I posted one on X that I built. Um I used up all of mine on the first day. It is insane what you can do with it. But when you realize and you listen to Demis about how much comput it takes now you're starting to get in why full self-driving, why humanoids, why the military stuff, anything that is reasoning to make decision making basically basically thinking it's just dramatically different than what you're used to from chat GBT. This is the next level and it's a hundred times and Jensen has talked about this repeatedly but I don't think people have fully grasped. So we are at the inference moment. We're we're getting acceleration and there is not enough supply. I read somewhere that the amount of GPUs if if this was open to everyone, it would take all the GPUs in the world to be able to get close to dealing with the demand. So, we're we're going to have a a a demand supply problem for videos and for everything related to humanoids and stuff going forward. It's just going to be hard to keep up. Uh so, for anyone thinking that we're going to be we don't need the data centers, it's just off base. So, uh, semiconductors, everything along those lines. Love them. I'm going to keep talking about them repeatedly, especially since most of them are unchanged or down from a year ago. This is going to be an expansion. So, uh, take the time, go look at uh, V3. Uh, Alon Musk praises Alon Musk praises V3. Uh, marks the end of AI's video**[18:17]**V3. Uh, marks the end of AI's video silent error. It's because you get video. Yeah, when I gave you those 100 times, that was just with the video. The audio adds another about 50%. So you're talking about 150 times. Uh this is going to be big for the gaming area. This is going to be big for anything on the movie side. The cost will go down dramatically. Uh I was already writing this pace this piece on Disney to show the benefits that Disney the company is going to see from AI and all the investments they've been making from inference uh in particular. That's where the benefit shows in. whether it's for AI agents on the call center, whether it's for humanoids in the parks, whether whether it's VR in terms of the entertainment side, uh a whole bunch of of things that needed to have the inference side for the benefits. But then VO3 comes out and you can only imagine that the cost of a $400 million Avengers movie uh would be, you know, 99% cheaper with this. So, you're going to get to the point now, and I cover it in in that article just about how different it is. Um, I just want to make sure generating video at a reasonable speed is estimated to require um eight H200 JPUs, which are most This is just highlighting the resources that are necessary. Um, $3 for just 8 seconds of service. VO3 approximately 50 cent per second of generator video that increases to 75 cents. So, this is where you can go in and do the calculation uh on how much it would be. I think I came up with you could do Avengers without all of the the actors um rights uh and without the editing and stuff the cost is just down 99.99%. Uh Micron, I specifically mentioned high band high bandwidth memory uh dramatically needed for things like V3. So when you go look at some of these high bandwidth memory stocks of which there's not a tremendous supply and these things have been a in a bare market mainly because of of smartphone sales and computer sales. Again I've said it before we are entering the world of hardware. This is a dramatic shift.**[20:19]**of hardware. This is a dramatic shift. You have time to invest in it and do your research. Uh but I would go spend the time and I would start with this uh interview which was a half hours with Alex Canerwitz with Demis and Sergey at the Google um after the Google uh event last week. So they had them both on there. A lot of good nuggets in there just in terms of where stuff is. Probably the most important question. They waited till the very end of this. Will AGI arrive before 2030? uh Sergey Brin I'm going to say before Demis Sabis just after this is why to even anything in your mind about what the world is going to look like 5 years from now when when you have two of the smartest people in the world that are directly involved uh with AI saying that within 5 years we're going to be at this point everything that you're doing and focusing on in terms of competition for a company or looking 5 years out the disruption is going to be unthinkable uh because by the time you get to AGI you've you've done things like the future of aging, extending healthy lifespan. This is a critical thing. Um I haven't done an extensive video on this yet. I've only written some minor paper, but this is just growing rapidly in terms of the discussion. But in this interview, he emphasized that one of the most important applications of AI is human health. Dario Modi has gone through this in his view curing all diseases diseases uh uh might still not be enough to push people past 120. And that's because of systemic aging and central atrophy. That's what they're working on. And there's other things and other places. But they're all talking about massive extension of life within the next 5 years and a change in health. So curing diseases, having people not get um obese, all these different things that are going to go through plus reversing aging. Uh, and this is the way that the deficit will eventually be taken care of because $3 trillion of the $6 trillion in spending is related to age and health. So, whenever you see people basically talk like this, um, Ben Hunt,**[22:21]**basically talk like this, um, Ben Hunt, who just seems to be pretty negative all the time, uh, it puts us on a path to a sovereign debt crisis. We are going to have rates going higher. We do have a problem for the next three years. I'm going to go through some of the issues that are going to continue to pop up, but I just want you to realize that when Alon Mus says this, he can't change what hap is happening in Washington. And as he gave up, Doge and he will do great work to propose the the day of day of bankruptcy. The only radical improvements in productivity can save the country. Um, accelerate GDP growth with humanoid robots. That's what's coming. Um, that's where it's going to be. That's why I wouldn't focus too much on things like Liz Truss's um except for trading elements, but I think if you're going to be bearish, you're going to miss what's happening with profit margins, which are going to accelerate from here, and that's where the boom's going to be. So, let's get into the negative story. Um, so Dario Modi gave an interview to Axios. He warns AI could eliminate half of all entry-level white collar jobs. And he gets more specific. Uh, starting to replace people. AI could wipe out half of all entry-level white and spike the unemployment rate to 10 to 20% in the next one to five years. Okay, that I no offense to Dario, he's a very smart um AGI guy and knows everything about what's going on. But in terms of talking about when the jobs will be lost and when a barber will be replaced and an acupuncturist and all the service-based jobs would make up the most of the jobs here, uh to get the unemployment rate to 10 to 20%, it's just not going to happen. Plus, he doesn't realize that we're losing 300,000 job uh 300,000 in the labor force pretty much every year now uh without having immigration to replace him, which won't be going on. So, I'll go through some of this because it doesn't mean that we're not going to have a weak labor market. It just means that the distribution of wealth problem is going to be the biggest problem. Miles Brundage, who was the chief AI researcher at OpenAI before he resigned, uh reiterates the same thing. by the end of 2027, almost every economically valuable task that can be done on a**[24:22]**valuable task that can be done on a computer will be done more effectively and more cheaply by computers. He doesn't get specifically into the fact that they'll replace them. And that's because a lot of that has to do with adoption and these companies will just slowly go out of business, which is what has been happening. Microsoft laying off about 6,000 people or 3% of its workforce. Uh McKenzie cuts 10% of global workforce. Tech layoffs 2025. IBM lays off 8,000 employees as AI replaces their HR department. Salesforce says AI has reduced hiring of engineers and customer service workers. David Solomon, AI can draft now 95% of an S1 IPO prospect. You get the point. Um, we're at the point now with AI agents. The biggest companies that have the ability to do this not only will do it, they have been doing it. So, Torson Slock put this out. I disagree with his uh analysis and this is where again I just don't think people understand the AI side. So if you're an economist, if you're an analyst and you're 50 years old and you're not spending 80% of your time in understanding what AI is going to do, you cannot possibly have a view on anything going forward. I will reiterate it time and time again. This is not a technology. This is literally the internet or electricity coming in and we are just starting to plug into it now. So none of these companies have hired anyone over this period and the the he he was talking about the fact that this is an indication that higher rates are hurting their businesses uh which could not be further from the truth. Since chat GPT was launched which is here this is what's happened to the profit margins. they will continue to lay off people and find ways to be more efficient because these are the companies at the forefront of it that are able to use it right now and they have the capacity to do it. That thing I mentioned, if right now Disney could go buy all the capacity of Google, they could go make movies for next to nothing, but there's not enough capacity for V3. We don't have enough power yet.**[26:23]**for V3. We don't have enough power yet. So that is the bottleneck in AI. That is the bottleneck in terms of what will prevent the situation that Dario mentioned which is all these jobs being lost. They cannot be lost without there being enough power to allow the capacity to be used and V3 is just another indication. But what is happening is the profit margins are growing for those companies for the overall market. They're still near the highs. So this is without the magnificent 7. They're still near the highs but again they're not the same. It's just not going in. So forward profit margins though in terms of the S&amp;P looking forward going higher. Here's what's happened. So this is of the growth rate in earnings. Just look at this linear. They just continue to go higher constantly. The MAG 7 because of the efficiency side. This is their market cap. They're 30%. It looks concentrated. They're 55% of the earnings growth. So it's more than justified at this point. Here's the market cap of the Russell 2000. So think of these businesses as I showed you earlier. They're going out of business. How can a small cap business be able to survive when rates stay high? And the reason rates stay high is because of AI. We're not getting the deflationary benefits yet. All we're getting are the profit margin benefits at this point. we're firing people, but that the losses that go through the people or the lack of hiring that's happening, it just means it's putting pressure on wages, but the profit margins are benefiting the people that are retired at home and the people that are benefiting from the stock market as an investment, which is replacing the labor necessity. And that's where you get the distribution of wealth problem. That's why Donald Trump got elected. That's why the consumer confidence numbers are so low. AI is a very disruptive force. So now you have the market cap up at 17 trillion for those seven companies. Here's the market cap for the Russell for those 2,000 companies. You're talking about 2.8 trillion. These numbers were the same in 2015. This has been an acceleration that is dramatic. And here is where we got into chat GPT right here. AI is just starting to massively have an impact. And that's why the funding side of this,**[28:25]**And that's why the funding side of this, there's no way in my mind without a recession where the government says we're going to have ma help Main Street. We're going to move rates back down to zero. we're going to allow all these bankrupt companies to at least lower rates down. They don't have the money to spend on AI. They don't sur they can't survive with rates up at those levels. They're all it's just a gradual race to go out of business. And so this is a distribution of wealth problem. And it does show up in the numbers. So here's the unemployment rate which remains low for the reasons that I've mentioned, which is we have a flexible labor force. People can go out and get jobs. They can go to Door Dash. They're not out of work, but they don't like the work they have. They're not happy with it. And this white line here is the jobs hard to get versus jobs plentiful. So again, historically when this thing is going up, you're seeing the unemployment rate go higher, but this time it's not happening. And so I'm one of I've been saying this for a while that the jobs market is weak, but it's not going to lead to job losses. So here's the unemployment rate inverted. And now we've got it over the temp numbers. We've got it by the weekly hours, and we've got it by um the quits rate on all this stuff. So you're just at a situation where the labor market is weak and the way that it filters through is there's a massive redistribution or a massive distribution of wealth problem. And so where this all fits in is when you hear Tom Lee and he gets called a permable. If you've ever listened to what Tom Lee is talking about when he says S&amp;P will afford to 15,000 by the end of the decade. He's specifically talking about AI. The prime age workforce is growing slower than the total population. And by the end of the decade, that gap is around 80 million workers. There's a labor shortage. And what we're doing is we're replacing the shortage with free labor. So it's a profit margin boom. Doesn't show up in GDP numbers. Companies will spend roughly 3.2 trillion per year on AI tech to address the growing labor shortage. So the expenditures are getting the profit margins and that's why he's positive on this. Now, this is the reason why we're both positive on Bitcoin. Because at the end, if the**[30:25]**Bitcoin. Because at the end, if the labor situation continues to deteriorate, where the median voter is angry and not able to move up a corporate ladder and they're under pressure, then the government, the easiest thing for them to do is to debase and print and we're going to see more of this. And so, he's bullish on Bitcoin. I'm bullish on Bitcoin. That's the reason why I wrote this on the collapse of patience. collapse of patience. Um, again, this gets into longduration assets. It gets into the point of capital efficiency. It gets into a lot of different things, but it all ends up with Bitcoin. Uh we had the Bitcoin conference this week. So, as I've learned over the course of the last five years, whenever there's a big event, everyone tends to get long going into the event expecting there to be some kind of news. This time, Strategic Bitcoin Reserve, you had JD Van speaking, whatever the case is. And then you get kind of a a sell-off back to the prior uh area of where the strike prices are in the options, which is 105. Uh you also had this. I got four calls on this. For everyone out there who wants to uh panic over quantum computers breaking Bitcoin, I'm not going to go through this on these videos, but I will tell you just go download this Deote site and go learn something about this and then go listen to Peter Diamandis or go listen to anyone about when Quantum's going to be here and how they're going to have to deal with going through this. This is all clickbait stuff. This is all meant to get people freaked out. uh we're not there yet, first of all, and secondly, there are ways that you can personally just make sure that you don't ever have to worry about it. Um so, could it hurt people that are not paying attention? Sure. Could it hurt coins where people have lost them and their addresses are out there? Sure. But that's not the point that you guys should be worried about. You should be worried about your own uh savings. Uh so, the Bitcoin Vegas conference, 30,000 attendees, will officially be the largest conference in history. I have no idea whether that's true or not, but I wanted to put it up there. Uh JD Vance spoke and gave a keynote speech in it. You can go watch that. Uh I thought this comment from Matt Seagull, it's the way I think of it. Um it's the reason why I'm doing this stuff and and trying to help people learn more about not only Bitcoin but AI and uh again for anyone**[32:27]**Bitcoin but AI and uh again for anyone out there who wants some kind of guidance on this stuff from an institutional basis. Uh, I've got a bunch of different business lines, but one of the thing I'm trying to do is help people make their business more efficient with very simple ways to use AI in it. Um, so you can all reach out whenever you want, but Bitcoin is a hurdle rate for innovation. For something that's going up, let's just say 50% a year. It's hard for you to find investments that can beat that. Uh, so make that the hurdle rate. Um, multiple large US banks are about to come onto the Bitcoin network, says PayPal, former PayPal president David Marcus. Marcus. I mentioned bit bonds uh a couple weeks ago as a solution for the Treasury and I think something they will do uh and I'll guess before the end of the year this will start to be a story but now it's a story for New York. Mayor Adams at the Bitcoin event plans to issue a bit bond for New York. Again, a bit bond just means two things. One is you're tapping into the demand side what's out there for crypto and Bitcoin in particular. You've seen it with Michael Sailor. You've seen it with uh Caner. You've seen I can keep going on and on of everyone complaining about corporations doing it. It's just a matter of time where governments realize that hey, if I can issue a bond with a 1% coupon, take the extra proceeds from not having the higher coupon, go invest that in either Bitcoin or Bitcoin calls and give the buyer of the bonds a chance to make more than the four to 5% which is the debasement number. Let me invest it in something that can outperform it. You get my drift. I'm a structure product guy. This is a no-brainer. As far as I'm concerned, it's an easier way to give a principal protected note to someone who is in the bond side and would get through. I think you'd be able to sell it to a lot of different people where they would give up the 3% coupon to get a chance to have a double digit coupon. Uh Pakistan announces would be setting up a strategic Bitcoin reserve. So when you're going through the government holdings over time, the US is the largest, China second, United Kingdom, Bhutan, El Salvador, Ukraine, Germany. Most of these are from not from from**[34:29]**Most of these are from not from from countries buying it, but from countries that uh own it from taking it from criminals or whatever the case is. Uh it'll just continue to be there. Fast food giant Steak and Shake announced they're saving 50% in processing fees. So the by accepting Bitcoin payments, Bitcoin is faster than credit cards and they're saying it's helped their business in terms of being able to offer that. Florida introduces bill. This is a big thing to at least start thinking about not just for here but as we go through the year and we get through the stable coin act. The question is what does the government have in plans for Bitcoin? Removing capital gains tax on Bitcoin. This is something Cynthia Lumis has mentioned uh at least in terms of transactions. She's had a number that was small but regardless these are going to be stories for the for the rest of the year. the Trump administration acts as Biden barrier for crypto and 400,000. If just 1% of the 8 trillion in 401k funds flows into Bitcoin, that's 80 billion of new demand. Uh again, you're allowing people to invest in it, to save in it. Um and just to finish up on tokenizations, there was a speech uh from Commissioner Hester Pierce uh earlier in the month on a creative and cooperative banking act. And I just want to mention this discuss the ongoing efforts to revise its approach to regulation focusing on the tokenization of traditional of traditional securities. Uh this approach aims to modernize recordkeeping and trading of securities by leveraging blockchain technology. And my home or where I grew up and where I live for a long time, Bergen County, New Jersey, to tokenize 250 billion in property deeds on Avalanche Blockchain. 5-year project will digitize 370,000 property deeds across New Jersey, most populous county. Um, the reason I keep bringing these up, guys, this isn't just Bitcoin as an investment. This isn't just micro strategy by it. This isn't just speculation. The technology and the innovation, whether it's stable coins some weeks or whether it's tokenization, they're all going in this direction. You can't avoid it. Bit bonds will be there**[36:29]**can't avoid it. Bit bonds will be there by the end of the year. Continue to look at Bitcoin and continue to watch these videos. I'll see you guys next