---
title: "\"Stock Bubble\": Houston We Have a Problem"
channel: "Drawing on key data points like rising PMIs, capital goods orders, and comm"
channel_slug: jordi-visser
video_id: JfCKWYVu5jk
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfCKWYVu5jk
upload_date: 2025-07-27
duration: "40:10"
description: "In “Stock Bubble: Houston We Have a Problem,” Jordi Visser provides an urgent and comprehensive breakdown of the macroeconomic regime shift unfolding in real time. With U.S. equities hitting new highs and skeptics warning of bubble risk, Visser pushes back—arguing that we are on the cusp of a powerf"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-03
---

# "Stock Bubble": Houston We Have a Problem

**Channel:** Drawing on key data points like rising PMIs, capital goods orders, and comm
**Date:** 2025-07-27
**Duration:** 40:10
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfCKWYVu5jk

---

## Transcript

**[0:02]**to get through. So, I'm going to let you guys read through this uh little less on the AI news and the Bitcoin side this week because we got a lot on PMIs to go. So, uh first of all, S&amp;P new high stocks won't stop. Uh and this is pretty much a definition of a bull market. Uh it's not just breaking out. Uh everything's breaking out. So breath makes new highs for the S&amp;P. The equal weight S&amp;P finally gets back and gets to new highs. Uh the BKX I highlighted a couple weeks that I think the banks are critical in this thing. I still believe it in this environment where I believe that we are in a a reflationary situation uh with a transition that's about to occur towards more PMI related names, steeper yield curves. the bank should be doing well. Uh, also from the AI benefits from profit margins post the JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs reports where I went through it, BKX is about to make new highs. Global banks have already made new highs. So, this is a global thing, not just a US thing. Uh, and if you thought maybe this uh wasn't strong, profit margins so far on the earnings reports are good and they're hanging near the highs. We're not seeing any problems yet on margins. Uh and I want to remind everyone as we go through this, anyone who is still negative at this point, we had a 20 plus percent correction and that was the third one uh in the last 6 years. So we've had three corrections of at least 20% and we're back to highs. So it's sentiment remains uh kind of middle ground. Uh but you're starting to get this stuff again. Uh hard renews warnings on bubble risk for stocks. Ignore. Uh this is just angry old man sitting on a front yard. There's a lot of people out there that are still going against what is happening. Uh and as I go through this, I'm going to start talking about this as the main theme. So**[2:02]**talking about this as the main theme. So I wrote this this week, posted it in 22V, also on Substack uh about a rise and in there I highlighted if you haven't seen this uh as Mark Andre said in a recent A16Z podcast, the decline in manufacturing wasn't inevitable. It was policy choice. We are at the beginning of significant change in the United States of America and global uh around the world in terms of industrial industrialization and for the US it's a reindustrialization. Things need to be on shore. This has been a theme for some time but now it's getting bigger. This is where the podcast is if you want to go listen to it. It's it's phenomenal in terms of Mark going through the history of industrialization. He connects it back to what's happening today in the current cities, the problems in the cities, particularly things of what's driving people towards the election situation in New York. I think it's very important to uh start paying attention to this more because this is what Trump won the election on and too many people are focused on, as I've said repeatedly uh and continuously, something from the 1800s in terms of tariffs, which are now officially over. Uh, and as much as people want to wait for some boogeyman to show up, they're missing what is happening, which is a move to hardware from software. We we are finishing an 18-year period where everything was about software around the globe, and now it's going to be about hardware. Uh, Jensen Huang, I'd study physics, not software if I were 20 today. Said that on CNBC this week. Um, so here we are. This is the change that I expect to happen. And this is where I think alpha is going to be made over the course of the next not just year these these times where we got up here we haven't had a industrial cycle in the PMI in a long long time. Uh it would have been during the housing bubble in terms of when we had stuff going out because aside from that these were just bounces from weaker periods on the back of either QE something with borrowing you had commercial real estate whatever. This is a much bigger uh uh buildout and it's**[4:05]**a much bigger uh uh buildout and it's coming at a time where this red line you can see we haven't had a time where we've stayed below the 50 level for a long time and I think we're going higher and I think it's already starting. Uh and I think the catalyst again for people on the tariff side and just what has triggered I believe the tariffs have actually triggered the PMI rise. So most people are looking at it as some negative. I think now this is what effectively went on this plan of adding 145% tariffs in on April 10th. Then China restricts rare earth and then no no more than two weeks later best and expense tariff standoff with China to deescalate. deescalate. That was basically the realization that we have to focus on oning because we are too dependent on China. And this week we get basically all the deals done. It doesn't really matter whether we we actually complete them. I don't even think the details matter that much with this. It's more just to get the uncertainty out of the equation, which has been one of the big negatives on the PMIs. So, what do we have going on? An important breakout above the 200E moving average. We have a trending situation going on in raw industrials uh markets. This has been going on now since the fourth quarter of last year. We are continuing higher and we are at the highest level since 2022. You can go back and see. I think we're entering a period like this. So, this is what I'm expecting is a move higher in commodity prices, a reflationary boom and it's on the back of this which I showed last week. This is the data center construction numbers. Okay, again started with Chat GPT but really started to go up and then have continued and this is before we get the buildout of what's going on. Trump's big beautiful bill sparks investment surge across American businesses. uh American businesses. uh very few people are noticing what is actually happening with the capex side that would be related to AI and the impact that it is having but it's starting to show up. We got the capital goods numbers this week. Focus on orders**[6:05]**goods numbers this week. Focus on orders non-defense x aircraft. Here's the white line. That's year-over-year. Highest level since 2022. Matches up exactly with the CRB raw industrials market. Here's the PMI. We were having the bounce that you would have expected in here and then we came down as the tariff uncertainty kit in. Remember, the PMI is a a sentiment-based soft data index that's based on a survey. And so, when you get a change, these are actual good orders that are coming through. The auto market, the housing market, commercial real estate still suck. And I don't see them changing until Trump finds some way to get them higher. We'll talk about that as time goes on. Uh rates need to come down for that. There's a whole bunch of things that are going, but he's going to be focused, especially on residential real estate and getting that to happen. Uh here is I mean it's plain as day. This has started and this is what was referred to in that Fox report. This is the um capital goods shipments. So here's the shipments that started again in the third quarter of 20 or fourth quarter uh of 24 and have continued to move higher. This is the PMI going sideways. So we went have had the PMI under 50 because this was moving sideways or actually down. That chart still looks similar for housing, for commercial real estate, for autos. Now you're going to start to see a change up. And this this is just starting in my opinion the benefits that are going to come from tariffs and all the deals that Trump has made. Here are the uh month-to-month price changes. You can see a change that's happened. PMIs during this period. This is uh the last this is December of 22. You can see now all of a sudden we're getting consistent increases increases in shipments. Uh US data momentum from Goldman Sachs. Uh we've got the hard data picking up. We've got the soft data picking up. We've got the labor data picking up. picking up. Hang, this gets important. Um you cannot ignore what's happening in China now. You could have doubted it. Um**[8:06]**China now. You could have doubted it. Um back in September of last year when we got this spike, they were doing stimulus. Everyone faded. It came back down. Now we're breaking out. PMIs overlaid with Hang Sen. You cannot ignore anymore what's happening in China. Uh and this week, China is moving something forward in terms of one of the biggest uh what will be one of the biggest world's dams. They're continuing to spend. And what happened? China Coke and coal prices hit daily limit. So this week was a huge week for cocal prices which have been in a bare market. Uh in fact uh we have data. This is the third contract. So this is not a front month situation. And this is the third contract out. Uh biggest week in the last decade. Here's the chart you've broken through. And again, I think the critical thing to look at is when the stimulus measures came out, we got a bounce in this and then a peak and then a much bigger bounce, much stronger. You're dealing with multiple limit up days. Uh steel prices even got a bounce out of this for the week, up 5%, one of the largest since 2022. since 2022. uh around the same amount as uh as September and this started to have an impact even on US uh coal prices. So again, we saw this bounce in coal prices here again, China stimulus. Now we've got this is BTU, this is Peabody coal went back up to this line. I fully expect that this situation as people grasp that this is not uh something to fade and it's global. So you've got Germany now uh has already seen their data turn. They've seen their zoo expectations go higher. Uh they've got defense spending that's happening. Again, the tariff situation caused all of these things to kind of get people to do things on their own shore. Whether it's China, whether it's Germany, whether it's the US, it's all going on. And this is the thing I was mentioning. So, I think you need to take this into consideration as the US considering no tax on capital gains on home sales. Regardless of this, I've talked about Bill Py each week. I've**[10:09]**talked about Bill Py each week. I've talked about the need and the belief that they will do something to help people with housing affordability. This is one route to go. Uh on top of the fact that they're going to keep pressuring to get rates lower. Now, what does all this mean? I put this out this week. I'm going to spend a lot of time talking about I brought it up last week. At major macro regime shifts, if the PMI is coming out of a sub50 thing, you should expect for momentum to turn. We have a very large differential between uh commodity related uh stocks uh anything related to construction outside of a few industrials the industrials that have benefited so far from the data center buildout. But when PMIs go up by definition if the PMIs head up to 60 think always think of it as a rising tide lifts all boats. Um we're going to start running into capacity issues. I'll start showing you that when you get that that's when the PMI starts to benefit. So momentum to me is turning down. I've talked about it. Um here is the technicals on it. We just got a MACD weekly sell signal on momentum. The last one we got was back in here, which is when momentum rolled over. I just wanted to show this multiple line divergence is very similar to the last major regime inflection point. This is what I'm comparing it to. I believe the AI spend on AI and the faster AI goes is disruptive to technology companies. Anything built on code, which is what dominates the winners of the last 17 18 years, is at risk to code being ubiquitous and free. At the same time, to fuel that growth of where the tech sector is now 50 plus% of the S&amp;P, you need power. Utilities plus energy, sub 7% of the S&amp;P. It's out of whack and we need more and more power. We've got the triple divergence here on the MACD weeks. This would have been a sell signal to me except we got the tariffs. It got people focused on recession fears again and all kinds of fears and they bailed out. Well, now we're coming back up and you're starting to see the momentum shift happening and it's**[12:10]**momentum shift happening and it's causing problems. So, you've got quant suffering their biggest draw down since 2023. Goldman trader raises spectre of August 2007 quantquake. August 2007 quantquake. This is what I just talked about in terms of what was happening back in '08. when you get a dramatic shift and that quant unwind was more about GARP but regardless this is a significant thing to monitor and see if it continues. Uh I think it would have been going on uh I found this person this week. I like I like the work that they do on X. I would start following uh four quadrants of hell in long short. Now again this is more on the quant side but you've got high short interest names which are ripping. You've got low quality outperforming high quality outperforming high quality short losers. short losers. Negative revisions outperforming Negative revisions outperforming positive revisions. I agree this is a problem. Uh and it shows up in the Goldman Sachs long short uh monthly numbers. So so far in July, this was uh earlier in the week, but you can see that it started in June and it carried into July. So you've had backtoback 9% months through this week. So, it's a significant shift that's happening. Again, when you get to as you guys get to know me better, I look for ideas. I've been talking about the power situation in the US on the back of AI since September of last year. I always look for things that I think are going to catch people where there's been underinvestment and when it starts to show up and you get through the initial excess capacity, which is always there on these. It's an old old Elliot wave pattern uh mechanism that I use which is when you get a mega ma massive shift from a 17-year period. The first thing you have to do is go through the excess supply. No one believes it when it happens. The third wave is when it's powerful and that's when everyone jumps on board and that's what I think we're about to enter into now. So other places just to run through these quickly again Goldman Sachs highlighting all of these things about where the short interest pair had done violent move. This one**[14:12]**pair had done violent move. This one here, very famous of the GameStop time. So, we've had a significant short covering situation that's gone on. Retail heavily involved and you've got retail traders net buyers cash equity for 19 straight days. Hedge fund people continue to fade and most people I talked to in the institutional side continue to think this is a a joke with retail. Not a joke. This has been going on for some time. Uh this is insanity. ret retail ret retail one day option trading is about to hit 2/3 of all daily options trading. The market is literally a casino now. Yep. Adapt or die. This is not going away. Uh the younger generation has a different mindset in terms of investing and it's against passive. And to be honest with you, uh, a trading environment right now in the world that I see when I'm writing pieces and talking about 2030s being a, uh, graveyard for Fortune 500 companies, there are no more moes. There are no more guarantees. And we're entering a period now where Peabody coal is a two billion dollar market cap. Think about how much Nvidia moves every single day in terms of a market cap change. The energy sector is less than $2 trillion in market cap. you just have a situation where single stocks are bigger than all of them. So if all of the other single names start moving, where the Russell 2000 is smaller than Nvidia, you're going to have a problem if all of a sudden commodities go higher because a lot of names in the Russell 2000 are commodity based names. They tend to do better on this stuff. So we'll just have to see. Goldman Sachs Prime Brokers is again going through it, but they go through a bunch of different uh arguments in here in the way that it's moved. What's happened? I think this is becoming something that unless it reverses very quickly as we get into September and I'll show some reasons why I think there's some catalyst coming up. I think the PMI is really the biggest catalyst for this. These are all PMI type situations. Uh this is the problem. So I highlighted the issue that's showing up. So the white line here right now is threemonth earnings per share**[16:12]**now is threemonth earnings per share revision. So this is happening where companies where revisions are headed down are outperforming rei companies where revisions are going higher. Revisions don't take into account multiples. So as long as it stays to where the companies that have bad revisions never really get any earnings traction, that's fine. If all of a sudden commodities start going higher, most of the companies and commodities just had their earnings revisions taken lower because commodity prices fell during the whole tariff and everyone got bearish on them. The orange line here is the meggaap tech names relative to the nonprofitable tech names that's been correlated to the earnings per share revision. Makes sense except for the fact that this is the hedge fund positioning. So as long as this goes on and we get a beta trade the other way, which again happens a lot when small cap outperforms large cap. It happens when uh PMIs go higher. there ends up being a trade where people are buying beta on the back of it. Quants are going to move into this. Quants are moving out of the position. When I showed you the down move of Quants, remember they were up about 15% for the year. They're giving back gains on this, but they're shifting. And regardless of the reasons why, a lot of the momentum based stuff is shifting. And I think that's related to the commodity side. Again, I've highlighted this before. I just wanted to show how important momentum shifts are from a macro basis. This is when the Fed pivoted. This is before COVID. Obviously, we got the continuation in COVID. This was when energy prices energy prices uh collapsed. And then this was uh during 200 uh great financial crisis obviously in terms of the the movement of momentum and how everyone got trapped in one particular plan. Uh if you didn't get all the details, uh this is 28page report. This goes through and is the playbook for the next four years. As far as I'm concerned, we've talked about AI on this. We've talked about Bitcoin, but in terms of the AI action plan and what it means, if you didn't listen to the speech, you should listen to the speech.**[18:14]**speech, you should listen to the speech. Uh, but let's just go through the action plan ties technological supremacy to industrial rebirth. industrial rebirth. He talks specifically about AI has benefit tech companies have benefited dramatically. This was with Jensen Yuang in the audience. He spoke about him a bunch of times during this. He's saying there needs to be a transition to the industrial side and they are the ones that are going to take manufacturing revival. We need energy independence. The capital investment incentives. This is from the one big beautiful bill. He talks about it extensively. Both the benefits for the auto companies but especially for capex to continue. This is the structural reason why it'll go. And then for all of the PMI stuff, fast permitting and deregulation allowing things to happen because we have no choice. And that becomes the issue that is uh going to show up as I go through this. We're at that trigger point where it has to happen. Uh in terms of the re-industrialization, again, bringing re-industrialization, again, bringing out full capital expensing. If you guys didn't go through it, I'm not going to read all of these things, but he talks specifically about the auto industry, about the structures, factory equipment, factories, D center, power plants, the 92 billion already invested in uh from Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. If you're not building fast enough, you might be the bottleneck, the permitting reform. He's trying to make sure that there is no slowdown in this. So if you remember what happened with the fasttracking of the vaccine, everyone who remained bearish during 2020 made a huge mistake. He fasttracked the ability of getting the vaccines out. That was the critical decision. This is the critical thing for this year. He is going to make sure that we are going to see the industrial side and we have midterm elections coming up. So everything is focused on getting this out. I'll go through the bottlenecks are actually going to be, but this is it. So, go read all this stuff on your own in terms of the the tax incentives from the one big uh from the one big beautiful bill. Just go through all of the things. But supporting small and midsize manufacturers, fueling tech and AI growth, lowering investment barriers,**[20:14]**AI growth, lowering investment barriers, reshoring, everything needs to be built in the United States. This is a dramatic shift and this is a plan that he was elected on and he's going to do. Uh so again the action plan combined with the uh one bill big beautiful bill drives aggressive tax extend aimed at boosting US capital investment in AI related infrastructure from semiconductors to factories and data centers. These policies are crafted to accelerate industrial reindustrialization promote industrial reindustrialization promote AI infrastructure sovereignty critical AI infrastructure sovereignty. We learned that with the rare earth minerals. We have to do all of that or we're in trouble. Morgan Stanley put out 70 billion boost for megaap cap. So you've got the bank saying, "Wow, this is a big boost in terms of the tax changes for the meggaap tech companies again for the infrastructure buildout." Uh I just don't hear enough people kind of going through it and realizing how important this is to the PMI. Uh that's really the big thing is you're trying to force different ways and he goes through and talks about how important this was and why it was included in there. Department of Defense directly invests in US based rare earth mining company $400 million. Apple also made an investment in it. Show the private sector involved. This was an MP materials basically the only rare earth material rare earth company here. Uh we have to build mining companies. We have to build mining out to be able to get the rare earth which is another component of the uh buildout that has to happen in industrialization. It is not just building our cars here. It is not just we have to mine for the stuff that we need. This podcast A16Z critical minerals mining for the industrial future. It's a different world. Go listen to the podcast. You'll get more details. But if you want to get at least the highlights here technologies like AI servers, battery satellites and jets rely on rare earth such as lithium. We have none of these. So this person who's doing this, who's starting this company, he was working uh on battery materials at Tesla. They go through why it's**[22:15]**at Tesla. They go through why it's important, what's going to happen to the mining industry. Uh talks about the bottlenecks, regulatory challenges, bottlenecks, regulatory challenges, everything that's going on. But US industrial strategy hinges on rebuilding mining infrastructure without mining infrastructure without competitive policies. Support mining capacity remains fragile. Uh again, we've had ESG, we've had uh all reasons that we have not invested in anything on the supply side in uh in the US for the last six years plus. We've seen these stocks dramatically underperform. stocks dramatically underperform. They don't have the capacity to go out. So, they're going to have to build new things and they're going to have to get more US priorities recovery of critical minerals from mine waste. Again, now we're going through and these are just signals that we have to do this that we're going to go to all causes and it's a shortterm issue. Everything you're going to see as I get into the power two are indications of just not only desperation but shortterm desperation but shortterm uh problem solutions that they're trying to get. Uh there was a hearing this week on increased electricity demand. I'm sure many of you have seen your electricity bills go up sharply since June. Uh get used to it and remember this is going to be a big part of what's going on. gas prices at the pump uh will be the benefit that stay at lower levels uh because this is an electricity thing. It's gas, it's nuclear, it's other issues, but it is uh going to impact electricity prices. And so they met on this to talk about what has to happen to make sure they can still have the AI buildout and the electrification for the industries which again will need more and more electricity in the future because of humanoids, uh because of electric cars, everything along those lines. The major themes in the coverage permitting and grid expansion AI and data centers key drivers uh energy policy for everything ability and access urgency for policy reform the hearing spot uh spotlighted a rare bipartisan consensus bipartisan when you see bipartisan in the US it's something you should foc on from an investment standpoint need for streamlined regulation infrastructure investment**[24:20]**I remind uh I showed this last week but Eric Eric Schmidt warns of AI super intelligence outpacing Earth's energy limits. Chips will outrun power needs. We are at that moment now in terms of where they're having to build faster because they can already see that ending unless they pick it up. The AI boom might collapse not from technical limits but from physical ones. Mors law meets physics. And this is the reason why um I showed this in May. uh Sundar Pachai released this and showed that it was a 50 times growth. Now I didn't put this in here but I did back then. You can go into chat GPT and see that tokens equate to electricity. Yes, there can be some efficiency gains over time but right now tokens are pretty much just a representation of electricity needs. So it was a 50 times move in a year and now we just did a doubling in two months. As we get into video, this will accelerate. It will just continue to go. Goldman Sachs put out something on powering the AI era. A lack of capital is not the most pressing bottleneck for AI progress. It's the power needed to fuel it. fuel it. So, here we go. Biggest US grid sets capacity. So, this is the east coast north northeast coast PJM grid sets capacity price record capacity price record 329. 329. AI boom leads to record US grid costs call for new plants. The price increase prompted calls from utilities and energy groups to build more generation with Sean Kelly saying it literally tells you we are out of generation and that is not good for consumers. Again, I started talking about this in September. It has been ignored for the most part by investors. It will not be ignored anymore because we are now at the point where this is a problem. America has an electricity problem. So here's should have been a wearable but now we're reacelerating again. So we had this move higher. This was not related. This is coming out of 2020. Uh now we're into a different period. This acceleration here matches up with what I just showed from uh from Google. We have more electricity**[26:22]**uh from Google. We have more electricity needs now because we're building out more data. As we build out more data centers, we need more of this. No spare capacity. Watchdog warns L. This is all this week. All zero hedge. Largest US grid is maxed out amid data center buildout. This is that same data center I mentioned on the east coast. Uh, largest US power grid issues maximum generation alert. DOE orders constellation to delay retiring to ease PJM emergency. There's all kinds of things going on where the government is getting involved to make sure because they're trying to help consumers and they're trying to help people keep be able to keep the air conditioning on this month. So, if you're wondering what's going on, AI is just gobbling everything up. data centers seek flexible power solutions for resilience, sustainability. They're trying everything right now. This is a race to try to figure out because we can't slow down. China's accelerating. China has more electricity. Trump gave in the speech that he was shocked that we need double the electricity needs than we have right now by 2030. This is where the issue comes in that needs to be there. So, you're starting to see stuff like this. I mentioned this. XAI just bought a power plant from overseas and are shipping it to the US because they couldn't get a new one built in time. They're doing all this crazy to get the compute. Mus responded to the post describing it as accurate. Again, when you start getting into these indications, it shows the desperate nature of it and how much they need. It is a race not only by the government to help out, but by these companies um and it's to supply one of its data centers. So again, when you get into these situations that all this stuff is happening, happening, you get the next one too. He did this this week. Lon Moss AI company buys 114 acre South uh power plant site. This is in Mississippi. It's a former power plant site. So plant site. So whatever reason he's buying these, there's parts on it. There's the ability of doing it quicker. He's doing things to avoid the permitting anything he possibly can to speed because it is a**[28:23]**possibly can to speed because it is a race by them to get the power that's there. Open AAI signed something with Oracle this week. I just didn't have enough time to put all these slides in there, but you can go see that. And then Google um Google um fusion energy inches closer to reality. Google is buying a boatload of fusion energy. The only problem is that its suppliers lack a power plant, has produced no energy to date, and may never do so on commercially viable terms. This these were all hammers, guys. So, when you saw the 3M island a few months ago, these are all hail Marys to try and get power uh from existing capacity. That's the critical thing that I want people to think about. We're going from a world of existing capacity that was out there. Now, we've got to get new capacity. That's where the PMI comes in. That's why this is just now. All we've been doing so far is preparing for this with the data centers. Now, you've got the government behind you. when you saw those capital goods numbers going higher and you saw the data consu uh data center construction that was without government support without government support uh we're going to run in this just highlights how unprepared we are from uh Cruso orders 19 natural gas turbines from GE uh Vernova the announced order of 19 units booked in 2025 builds on the first series of 10 and combined is expected to provide nearly 1 gawatt of electricity one gawatt we're trying to build out we need 90 more at a minimum by 2030. So timelines for delivery weren't shared. The reason they weren't shared is gas turbines were dead in 2022, 2023. I heard customers say we'll never be able to get a regulator to approve gas turbines ever. So look what that phrase is. They were dead. They were dead because no fossil fuels were allowed. We weren't allowed to build them. This is the ESG side. We're ramping up our capacity. We're trying to produce more and more gas turbines. And frankly, we can't make enough gas turbines to support the market. Supply and demand, PMIs. and demand, PMIs. Reports suggest natural gas turbine makers are struggling to meet a surge in demand from data centers with backlogs for orders reaching beyond 2029. The**[30:25]**for orders reaching beyond 2029. The desire for natural gas by the data center industry is itself a byproduct of demand for the immediate capacity and grid constraints. So again, this is all happening now. Most of the stuff as we're going through is now. The other bottleneck that's going to happen and the reason I'm bringing these up, the bottlenecks are going to happen are not from capital. They are, as Goldman had put, this is from people. So, we don't have enough laborers to do the work for the grid buildout. This is a classic situation that the government is going to have to do whatever they can to make this happen. And it is similar to me as to what we had to do with the vaccine. So, I would not fade the fact that the PMI is going to go higher. And I would think about again your underestimation in 2020 of the ability for the economy to pick up on the back of the fact that we had this. We need power right now. They're going to find some way to get it because they're in a race against China for military supremacy and the hyperscalers are in a race for each other. Um this was some uh someone showed me uh this uh on uh X this week. Uh it said this person had good calls uh over the years. I went through it. It's a former drill captain and not that anyone cares, but I'm a full-blown energy bull again. Feels good to be back with the bulls. So, this is an energy person. Five reasons. Yep, I like this one. Everyone hates it. Correlation between gold and oil. Yep, this fits in with the CRB raw industrials market. Gold was leading. Gold typically does. RID count dropping in the permium. Yep, we've seen rig count going down. AI revolution is totally available. Power needed for these data centers. You can't build nuclear power plants overnight. I talked about this last week. Eric Schmidt talked about it on the video. And of course, last but not least, Kramer says to sell sell energy. So, I'll go with that. If you're looking for the person to listen to, uh, I joined 22V to do what I was doing on AI. I met a person I hadn't seen in the industry a long time, Colin Fenton, who does the commodities uh, work there. He has been all over this concept of abandoned alpha. It's a great name for it. It's exactly what it is. Colin and I both worked on the buy side a long time. We think in terms of**[32:27]**side a long time. We think in terms of what is the opportunity now. The key thing is energy is the top sector year to date at 8.2%. This was back before the tariffs. This was already working. That's the thing that I think people are missing is that energy over the mag 7 was up 30% in the first quarter of this year. This is the trade that people should be focused on. Abandon alpha it. Colin and I are going to start doing a webinar for those institutional people out there. I highly recommend listening to it. We're going to do one together. It's going to be basically a podcast. Uh we've talked about this. We've known each other for 20 years. This is the most excited we've been about the commodity side in a long time. And it's because of all the dynamics that I've talked about talked about as the PMIs are going higher. The other major story which has to be factored in again for pure momentum as a structural change. Back in 2008 when we had the tech sector take over, we had austerity going through. We had the Obama administration focused because the problem that put us into the issue was debt. Every single place around the world, Europe, the U was focused on austerity measures. With the austerity measures from the fiscal side, we did QE to move rates down to zero. So at a time when we didn't have anything growing in terms of the economy and we were doing austerity and we were coming out of an overbuild situation overbuild situation overinvestment in commodities we were doing QE to keep everything alive now what we have is we have higher rates we have PMIs that have been pinned at lower levels with no overbuild we've been under capa seen under capacity and everything related to commodities as I showed with both laborers and uh with gas turbines uh there's transformers that there shortages. Everything on that side we've underinvested to and we're pressuring the Fed to lower rates into a time where growth where nominal GDP is 5% and where the PMIs I believe are going to go higher. It continued again this week. Scott Besson on the Fed. I'm not going to go read all of these uh**[34:27]**not going to go read all of these uh points for you guys. You've seen them all. No reason for Fed Jer to step down. They keep going back between this because they realize firing him would be bad, but they do want to see him resign. if he wants to leave early, he should. There's a lawsuit going on and uh there's a hearing that was agreed to happen on Monday at 2 PM this didn't get a lot of press. It's very important if for any reason um they're able to get this done. Meaning for uh this is arguing that the Fed should be transparent in their minutes, meaning in the meetings and you should be able to see and hear what's going on. This is a, you know, to me an important thing as to where we are in the Fed and the reason is they want to see if they've been politically influenced. They want to get through the argument and right now we've got an attack on not just Powell but on the institution of the Fed. So Mike Johnson spoke out against spoke out against Goldman is and and a lot of market participants are talking that they're market participants are building in the likelihood likelihood uh that something changes with the Fed. Uh bond traders step up 2026 Fed cut bets after Trump bashes PAL. You're getting more and more of this focus and again despite the fact that I think the PMIs are going to go higher. The shadow fed is designed to make pal a lame duck and irrelevant. So pay attention to persistence. They matter more. Uh again, everyone's talking about it. Mhm. Alerian actually came out and said um he should resign to safeguard the Fed's operational autonomy, which I deem vital. Um, vital. Um, at this point it's become obvious that there's a flooding, as Bloomberg put, to pressure the Fed to get to move the Fed. And as Darius Dale, who I've mentioned on this a few times over the over the year, uh, he put this thread out, this will likely be the most important thread**[36:27]**will likely be the most important thread regarding the Federal Reserve you've reviewed in a long time. I'm just going to go through these four things. you can go look at it yourself, but he's highlighting that we're getting a shift in the Fed in the way the government at this point, which I'll get into after I go through these. This is Kevin Warser. If I were to step back for a minute, if I were the Fed president, what I'd be worried about is a central bank that doesn't see any of this. Central bank stuck with models from the 1978 with governments from a prior period and one that doesn't recognize we could be at the front of a productivity boom. So, they're starting to get ahead. and again could advance this economy. What we call AI. This is something I do believe in as well. Uh this is the theme that people are starting to jump on in the White House. There's actually some intelligence to it. We're headed to a point of humanoids in 5 years. We're headed to a point of AGI. We are in a race against China for this. If we lose it, we lose the military supremacy is the viewpoint. If we keep rates at higher levels, we're hurting the economy at a time when we expect deflationary pressures to extend in the in in the not too distant future. So they are basically saying we can handle inflation at a higher level. But the other reason for that, for that, again, I'm just going through all of the things that he put in there in terms of the shift is because of this fiscal dominance. We have a debt to GDP sitting at over 120%. We have a fiscal deficit of 6 to 7%. What the government needs to do to reduce the pressure is they can't have the debt go up. They need interest rates to be low and they need inflation to be higher to do to debase the debt. So if we have nominal GDP growing at 5% and we have interest rates at 2%. rates at 2%. That's what helps the situation. So they don't care about the inflationary pressures at this point as long as they stay somewhat in check, meaning they can handle 4%. So the administration is**[38:29]**handle 4%. So the administration is basically, in my opinion, raising the inflation component of this. Now, it comes at a time when the labor market is also on the weaker side where we're headed to creating less than 100,000 jobs a month. That's where most of the forecasts are. Whether we get there or not is a different story. But you have to understand that this all fits in with the debasing needs because of the situation and AI sitting up there. So that's what leads us to this. President of the United States just posted a threeminute explanation of Bitcoin on social media. Absolutely epic. So again for all of you who continue to fade Bitcoin. It fits in the puzzle. And most importantly as we go through this, this white line here is gold year to date up 27%. Here's Bitcoin year to date. It's caught up. So, remember when we heard all of these things about how gold was going higher? Now, again, Bitcoin outperformed by 100 plus% two years ago, by 70 plus% last year, and now it's worked all the way back up. It will eventually just move higher from here uh dramatically. Here's the mag 7. It's outperforming that. So, outperforming that. So, that's where we are. If you want to go read the latest from Lyn Alden, I would go read this as well. The rise of Bitcoin stocks and bonds. Uh that's it for this week. Uh again, very focused on PMIs only because of the importance. For the institutional people out there who want to have a meeting with me to go through this, to talk about it more or to get Colin and I on the phone, don't hesitate to reach out to 22V. I'm going to be spending a lot of time on this. I think this is a very, very important point for people in your portfolios. Be very wary of the short side as we get PMIs moving higher. I expect a lot of the names that have been going higher to continue. That's it.