---
title: "The Left Tail May Be Gone but it is The End of the World as We Know it"
channel: "The result was a historic move in stocks. But desp"
channel_slug: jordi-visser
video_id: kCPN74KKn9s
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCPN74KKn9s
upload_date: 2025-04-13
duration: "42:54"
description: "In this week’s video, I walk through what was truly a historic week in the markets."
view_count: It began with fears of a Black Monday-style crash. Rumors from the White House leaked early in the week, and as pressure mounted from the unwinding of the basis trade, we saw a surprising pivot—driven in part by Scott Bessent. President Trump posted on social media encouraging people to buy, and later announced a 90-day pause on tariffs, excluding those on China.
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-03
---

# The Left Tail May Be Gone but it is The End of the World as We Know it

**Channel:** The result was a historic move in stocks. But desp
**Date:** 2025-04-13
**Duration:** 42:54
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCPN74KKn9s

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]**Uh historic week. Let's get right to it. Uh little little foggy over the East River right now. So uh deal with the uh the video of me. Uh we go from Black Monday to the best and pivot basis trade unwind. We've isolated China. We didn't have a stock put. Well, bond put equals stockp. Um em like asset moves during the week. Rev up the printing press. It's starting to be talked about. Uh it is definitely the end of the world as we know it. As we go through this bond v equals adapt or die as an investor. I'll go through what the consequences are regardless of what ends up happening from here. The world has changed forever. Uh and then I'll finish with uh AI Joseph Shumpeter and Bitcoin. Um first of all I wrote this on Substack. Uh, I put it out. Uh, I'm not going to go in detail to what a lot of the things say, but uh, I am sending stuff out during the week. I also sent this out through 22B on Monday or Tuesday. But the main point of what I was trying to get across, which I talked about briefly last week, it is always a mistake to listen to leaders at a time where they say they will not be doing something to help the market. Uh, and the point I made here is the market, every leader has always said in everything I've traded, the market's wrong with what it's doing. everything will be fine and not once has there been an exception and knowing that Scott Besson is there clearly that over the weekend based on everything that happened he highlighted this uh remember last week those final two days ranked as the fourth two-day decline in the S&amp;P we went through that last week and in each of the prior instances the market was higher three to six months later so that was the beginning of the week so let's kind of go through a little bit of what happened this week first of all you have to remember there's no Trump put there's no Treasury secretary put, there's no PAL put, blah blah blah, as usual. Um, Monday, uh, China retaliates. Markets are looking for a crash. Jim Kramer says it'll be Black Monday. Uh, and that was probably enough along with a uh a fake**[2:06]**probably enough along with a uh a fake news rumor about a 90-day pause, which clearly was an attempt of a trial balloon to see what the market would do. Uh but Uh but regardless, it was really the Tuesday night into Wednesday where something was broken and Jim Biano put this out early in the morning. Uh I re reposted it. uh whether or not this was the basis the basis trade that started it or whether this was foreigners bailing out regardless the main point I want to start with which I said on the podcast with Anthony Pompiano yesterday you have to understand that when the highest part of the capital structure in the world US treasuries are basically moving in the manner that they did where it was broken you were at a point where there's really a a you know a sign in the market that needs to be paid attention to. So just for a little bit of thing on the basis trade. It's a hedge fund trade. It's very important to the market or it has been since a combination of uh 2009 once the banks were regulated and their balance sheets were uh were shrunk. And at the same time uh 2020 and the reason 2020 was so important is because that is when we saw a massive expansion in government debt relative to private sector debt. Uh, and that just meant that you had this weird scenario where mutual funds would push up the futures above fair value. Hedge funds would come in, sell futures above fair value and buy cash bonds and levered up 50 to1. Um, so they've been providing liquidity, but really what they've been providing less so than just liquidity at the auctions is kind of this ability for the bid offer spread to remain tight. And that's why in the treasury thing, this is was talked about in terms of quantifying treasury cash futures basis trades. This is in 2024. Uh and this is coming out from the Fed supporting treasury market functioning by keeping the price of futures near fair value relative to treasury securities. Uh and this was a problem that the rapid unwinding of basis trades by hedge funds contribute to the treasury market stress in 2020. That's**[4:08]**treasury market stress in 2020. That's why that's where we are now. But the problem is this is not going away this time and I'll go through that. Investors fear another big blow up of basis trade as treasuries lose haven status. Then you get the next thing BV uh the Bank of England warns of further sharp corrections in markets is high. I highly recommend going through the Bank of England financial stability report which came out their minutes for the 4th and the 8th of April. They went through this. This is one of the snippets that was in there. Um hedge funds bought as much as $1 in capital for every 50. That's the 50 to1 leverage. Uh volatility in the treasury market can also increase the cost of trade killing its profitability. The the the main point here is um it's estimated that there was 800 billion to a trillion dollars of this trade on and that's out of the approximate 2 to2.5 trillion of lending from the prime brokers for the hedge fund. It's a big position. It added stability in terms of keeping volatility somewhat tighter but more importantly keeping liquidity in the market. Uh I don't think this will be coming back anytime soon for a variety of reasons for what I'm going to go through. So you have to put that into the context starting now of the top most important part of the capital structure of the world has lost liquidity and is going to have increased volatility going forward. So whatever you take from this whatever bullish side comes out of this because I'm going to talk about the left tail being eliminated at this point in my opinion. Whatever you come out of this, just remember coming out of this, the world will be completely different because the most important part of the global capital structure is not going to have the kind of liquidity and stability that it's had in the past. And this is what I wrote about. I'm I was more worried about a failed auction than I was about this tariff situation. Well, we had both of them this week. And that's why this thing ended up being a uh a turn in terms of the tariffs. So, Bank of England warns of tariffs, threat to stability, global financial system. That's the whole point here. And I'll go through the reasons why I've been steadfast on the fact that this would end the way that it has ended or at least has reached the next phase. It**[6:08]**least has reached the next phase. It hasn't ended yet, but it has reached the next phase. So, of course, we get this. This is a great time to buy uh the next time he wants the market to rally 300 points. If the market's down, what are you going to do when this post comes out that it's a great time to buy? You have to assume that this is going to happen later in the day. Uh Trump is hiking tariffs. This came out a couple hours after that went out. um authorizing the 90-day pause. So now we have a new put. It's just a post that says it's a great time to buy. Uh this goes through again Bessant and the pivot that happened. And for anyone who wants to read all of these papers now about figuring out what's going to happen, will there be a recession? Will there not? These have all been moronic. To sit there and write papers on forecasting when someone can change their mind overnight and get investors to freak out. This is what the papers do well. This is what strategists do. Well, the reality is this is a game of poker. You have to sit there and put the context of whether it's going to happen or not and then what the endgame is. And in the endame here, the whole system falls apart or the easiest thing is to debase and we've chosen to debase. So, Bessant advised him at Mara Lago over the weekend to promise an endgame and that's what happened this week. Nothing has changed. is there's going to be tariffs, but the global tariffs now are an all-around blockade on China. We'll see if that ends up being that way. There's going to be a lot of ups and downs in this negotiation, but I just want to make sure that you get that if you're following stuff like this Goldman Sachs resins recession forecast after just an after just an hour. How do you make a forecast on a recession and then reverse it in an hour when there's new information when there had to be a probabilistic side of that happening? So, I don't understand this whole uh thing that the people follow on this. This is going to be this way for the rest of our lives. In my opinion, this is the new world. If you're going to put positions on and think that something isn't going to change within 3 months, you're out of your mind. This is the world we're in for at least the next**[8:10]**the world we're in for at least the next four years. And I would argue that there's irreparable damage done. And as I go through this, the world has just changed. And this is why by the end when you see gold going up the way it is and I give you some things to uh listen on podcasts and things to read about. We've been headed this path for a long time and this is not going away. We're just going to continue down this path but we're at the breaking point because debt to GDP is too large. So what was behind this? The bond this? The bond market. Uh I don't think there needs to be anything more on it. So where are we in terms of the markets? Well the S&amp;P futures got down exactly to the support that we went through last week. they were slightly above it somewhere down in the 4670 area to the 4,800 area. We kind of bottomed in that 4,800 point and then we rallied sharply. Uh I still think that that's what's going to end up holding. I showed this last week that aside from these two points which was pre printing press, we always got down to the 200 day moving average. The reason we would stop here is because every time we got here, Mario Draghy, every time we got here, QE, every time, every single time we went down to the 200week moving average, either the Fed andor the government would come in with something and it would change the entire marketplace. It has happened the entire time and you should expect it to continue to happen. The S&amp;P finished 5.7%. It was the best weekly performance since 2023 on a daily move. We had one of the best four days in the last 75 years and that was after we had one of the worst weeks in the last 75 years. Uh so a huge day and here's what happens. Now if you remember last week I showed about three or four charts from Charlie Blo again emphasizing the same point that every time we get to this point if you can extend and not care about the next 5 to 10% down the upside is phenomenal because the government comes in. So unless you're playing for them to reset the entire globe and let everything reset at zero and start over again, which is not going to happen. That's what was attempted with the Great Depression. It didn't work out too well.**[10:10]**Depression. It didn't work out too well. That's why we have a printing press. So this is a rigged game. It is a Ponzi scheme. It is meant this way. This is the way it will always happen. It doesn't matter Democrat, Republican, China, US, everyone's in the same thing because this is the way it goes. It's much easier to debase your way out than it is to sit there and cause the pain and try to rebalance the economy in some foolish game. Uh it just won't work. And I'll go through the numbers why again. So SP was up 9 and a half% third biggest one-day gain since 1950. And here are the returns out five years. Here are the returns out three years. Here's the return out one year from that point. Uh if you add in this one, we had a huge breath day. In fact, advancing volume versus declining volume was a record 68, the most ever back to 1980. So, 45 years, best uh day for advancing volume versus declining volume. 3 months out, all of them up. 6 months out, up big. 12 months out, massive. Um I fully expect the exact same situation here in terms of 12 months out. I think it's impossible over the next three months to predict where we're going to be. I'll go through kind of what my viewpoint is on that. Uh, in terms of the monthly moves in the S&amp;P, I just want to highlight to you that it feels like this has been the end of the world. But the reality is you can't even tell on a monthly performance basis that this stands out. You can tell this is a great financial crisis. You can tell this is COVID. You just can't see anything here. That's the crash. So monthly movements, we're not doing anything to destabilize. That's the important of it. I've said it before. Economies don't roll over because of a daily gain. Economies don't roll over because of a small move for a week. They run into problems because of things that last multiple multiple months, 18 months, and that takes a credit on W. And we're not having that. Uh 30-year yields. So, here we go. 30-year yields back to 1985 for the week. Highest weekly weekly move. Bond stabilization over in terms of Let me move this out of this one.**[12:12]**of Let me move this out of this one. This is the spread, the weekly uh move in the spread between US and German tenure tenure yields. So, not only was it the biggest weekly move back to 1989, it's by a fac huge factor. We're talking about the one before it was less than 40 basis points. So, US yields widened out significantly. In fact, US tenure yields were at about 48 basis points while German buns uh uh tenure yields were flat for the week. Uh what also happened and what probably ended up being even a a bigger fear is it wasn't just the yields, it was this break that was happening. So this is the break in yields versus the dollar. So the dollar traded down the red line here and the blue line here is 10ear yields. So 10ear yields as they were going higher the dollar was falling. Uh this doesn't happen ever in the United States of America. It has happened occasionally. They mentioned in there that it happened in the UK. Uh I don't think of the UK in the US in terms of the size and the importance of the US from being at the top of the capital structure. The more important thing is as I mentioned in the piece that I wrote in Substack, my first seven years or six years of my career was trading emerging markets throughout the 90s. I saw that continuously when I was in Brazil. That was the way they ended. You had stocks going down, bonds going down, and the currency going down. At one point this month, Bessence's 333 plan had turned into the 555 plan because you had the dollar down 5%, you had bonds down 5%, and you had stocks down 5%. Uh, this was a total meltdown of everyone abandoning the United States of America. And you don't get a chance to kind of reboot that once it gets out of control. And that's why everything turned this week. Now, the dollar for the week had one of its worst weeks ever. I'll get back to that later in here versus Bitcoin, but it was down over two and a half%. Uh, this happened at the turn in 2022 when the Fed pivoted. This happened**[14:13]**2022 when the Fed pivoted. This happened in March of 2020 and this happened in 2015 when oil was uh at first going down. Uh, the US to Switzerland had a huge move. So, people were buying Swiss Franks the same way they were buying gold. But Swiss Franks in particular had a has have had a huge monthly move now. So you've had people going in at the second fastest pace only the same as when people thought the world financial world was ending uh and they were bailing out of the US. Treasury bonds long seen as a risk-free asset are now seen much differently by investors. So as we get into the emerging market stuff yields higher currency lower common in EM saw this in the UK during the trust tobacco not normal in the US. America looks like an troubled emerging market economy. Fed's cash carry flags waning confidence. US no longer the most attractive to global capital. Now remember we were it was US exceptionalism in December and here we are less than four months later and we're saying now it's no longer the most attractive and it looks like an emerging market. Now, so you know, the reason when you when you decide to have a trade uh war, the reason you're at risk is because debt to GDP is at 120% and most of the debt that's expiring is in the front end. And foreigners own 19 trillion in US equity, 7 trillion in treasuries, and 5 trillion in US credit. and the 5 trillion US credit which is approximately 30% of total corporate credit. The the the main point is as I said said repeatedly just like Lehman Brothers politicians can let something go but then they're opening up a can of unintended consequences when they don't realize how connected the world is. This one just happens to be the most ridiculous to me because here is imports as a percent of GDP. So we're talking about3 to4 trillion dollars of imports that the US has as a percentage of GDP. It's exactly the same as it was basically when I was in Brazil**[16:13]**as it was basically when I was in Brazil in in 1998. At the same time the stock market in in 1998 was approximately at the mean of the last whatever which was about 80% of GDP and then it got up to 200% before the tariff started. the tariff started. Debt to GDP was down around 60. Now it's 120. We are a financialized economy. Imports have not changed. The size of the debt market and the size of the equity market have ballooned massively. You cannot put a trade war for few hundred billion dollars at the expense of losing trillions of dollars. This is a bad poker bet. This is the wrong way to go through things. That's why eventually when the negotiation reached a point where he could pull out, it's not surprising that he basically showed his cards and said, "Okay, we've made progress. Let's go through this." It's just a question of when the equity market went down. I think their intention was to keep going. The problem was if someone doesn't sit there and say, "The equity market is not going to handle this and the bond market's not going to handle it." Those are the unintended consequences that always come when you're living in a Ponzi scheme world, not just in the US, but all the way around the globe. debt to GDP is at ridiculously high levels and as Ray Dolly has talked about there's no way for this to end other than some kind of revolution. I'll get into that at the end because there is one happening. This will accelerate it. The big problem also when you have the size of the financial community that large you are dependent on liquidity. Equity market liquidity has sharply deteriorated in recent weeks contributing to the extreme volatility. bid ass spreads top of the book depth and liquidity ratio show a negative feedback loop for everyone managing a hedge fund out there going through this it's not coming back the liquidity is not coming back because we've lost the top part of the capital structure so unless all of a sudden the basis trades are going to lever back up again which I don't see happening for reasons that I will go through what the administration**[18:14]**will go through what the administration has done has changed the global trade system forever it has changed the flow of capital forever we are not looking at US treasuries as the safe haven asset anymore when bonds are when gold is going up and once Bitcoin starts going up again as the market has bottomed and you start going up. The problem is I expect there to be much more volatility and you're not going to see the VIX head back down to 20 anytime soon and it'll be because of bond volatility. Goldman top of book liquidity is now 2 million aside. This is in the S&amp;P futures. You can see how low it is and you can see where we're at in terms of just the liquidity side. I don't see that changing at all. Now, the reason I can say this with kind of going through it and what we saw, remember I grew up in a world where world where Mexico was collapsing and eventually the US bailed out Mexico and to avoid the tequila crisis and they used some kind of special financial package to get that done. I remember when it was when it happened. Now, Mexico was still in chaos for a while because they had to pay off the debt. Then I was in Brazil. IMF package the IMF the US it's now for the US. So when you reach the point where the US has to bail the US out of the global system, that's when you're at a point where you can expect vol bond volatility to go on. Feds Colin on Friday, Fed absolutely ready to help stabilize the market if conditions become disorderly. The printing press has been turned on. It may not be used yet, but if we go down again, QT will be ended. There'll be other things that have gone. They will announce so many different things. It doesn't don't focus on rate cuts. Now that we know that Donald Trump will say it's a good time to buy, now that we know that the Fed is at least ready at this point, the left tail has been obliterated. We have taken it out. It's not that we can't go through the lows. I don't think we will. But if we did go through the lows, how long is it going to stay stay under there before the next thing happens? We've learned this with SVB. We've learned this with uh a pandemic. We've been able to stop every single one with liquidity facilities, and we'll be able to do this one as well. So, just be very careful in terms of people now saying sell all rallies. I think you want to be buying all dips because we will be through the all-time highs in a year. We**[20:16]**through the all-time highs in a year. We might go through the the lows that we just had, but it won't stay there very long. So, you have to do this based on where you think the market's going to be over the course of the next year from this point. The economy is going to suffer in this quarter because of the tariffs, although we keep taking tariffs off. So, just be ready for anything to happen. Stocks rally as Fed signals readiness. So, the markets start starting to juice up where it's coming. Jamie Diamond sees Treasury market kurfuffle where Fed steps in. So, everyone who's bearish is going to say they're not going to be able to stop this. That's a bunch of crap. Um, if they want to stop it, they can. And I think they've made their point clear that they don't want bond yields to go higher. So, when every single person when I listen to the All-In podcast and the now uh proTrump All-In podcast by most of the people talking about how this is great, this is all good. This is BS. This is a Ponzi scheme, people. It is what it is. You just play the game. Your job is to make money. It's not to be right and it's certainly not to agree with the administration. They can do what they want and they are going to put tariffs on. There is going to be restructuring of global trade. That is going to happen. They are going to do some of the things that they wanted. But you have to uh advance to where the game is going to be played. More volatility, more volatility, more volatility. So, you got to focus on the things that are going to work no matter what. I expect that the tariffs will create some job losses, a lot of bankruptcies. I think a lot of small businesses that were already suffering from higher rates and from AI are going to suffer more from the tariffs. So I think you are going to see that but I also think robots and AI are coming to fill in the gap. Um and I just you know I want to make that point clear. So again this is a great time to buy. Look for this the next time. This was the dumbest thing possibly ever. Howard Lucknik says army of millions will build iPhones in the US. I like to to read what this to hear him say this on TV. I'm just grateful Scott Besson got involved. And here's this morning on Saturday. The US publishes reciprocal tariff exclusions for computers, smartphones, and and chipm. So on TV, last thing saying we're bringing everything back. We're going to have armies of millions building it. And then**[22:16]**armies of millions building it. And then this this has nothing to do with what ended up happening. You can agree with the whole situation. Our job is to figure out what the market's going to do. And what they realized is they can't survive this whole tariff situation if yields are going to go higher when their goal was to get yields down. So we're way back up to the high end of yields for the last whatever 20 years, 15 years. Uh yeah, 20 years. So it hasn't worked. So you got to pivot and give the administration credit that they did pivot this week at a time where they need to and that the negotiations are going to happen. Now Charles Gasparino uh highlighted the pressure that was coming. I wouldn't view this as pressure. I would just view this as you make a decision to do something to give them credit. They realize that maybe there were some unintended consequences that were happening that forces a 180. Um there's not going to be a quick solution to the trade war. I think damage has been done. Negotiations are going to happen and that's why, you know, the market is going to be caught in the back and forth still of news bombs. I don't see that changing and I think if the move new the news goes higher it means Trump can come out and be more negative. If the stock market goes back down and yields go back up he can be more positive. I think that's the game we're going to be in. So but I think people are going to get used to the fact that there is a put on the bottom and maybe there is a cap on the top and we kind of trade in a range for the next 3 to 6 months while the negotiations are going down. Um CEOs were speaking up. Uh they're open he's keeping it open door policy is listening their concerns on the tariff. There's plenty of room to negotiate with China. This is this is the way it's going to end. There's going to be a deal between China and the US. Who knows what it's going to end up being. It might take another two months, but it's coming. Um last week, you just go through everything, especially at the end of the week. We had more China retaliation on Friday, higher than expected inflation expectations, falling bonds, and somehow or another, the market was up again there. It's handling bad news. It's just making it through all this stuff. So, here we are now technically, and this is the way I think it's going to play. So**[24:18]**the way I think it's going to play. So the red line here is where I think for the next I'm going to say through Labor Day. That's going to be the high end. I think we're going to find support here. We could trade through this on the upside. We could trade through it on the downside, but I think for the most part it's going to be a whippy environment in here. Do not expect the VIX to come down. Um that's kind of my views on just what's happening. And remember, this is a massive title fight in a world of debt. So, we have the two biggest debt situations. And in China's case, if you add in the state uh debt as well, I don't care where you are right now, we're dealing with massive amounts of debt. And these are the two biggest debt players in the world. So, this is not going to go easily. Uh it's going to take some time. There's going to be back and forth. And that's why what you should leave with no matter what as someone looking to invest money is that the earthquake that happened it's reshaped the global economy. The world has changed and as uh as Kier Starmer uh in the UK said prime minister it's the end of the world as we know it and as you go through it it's basically there's no way around the fact that everything has changed. The end result is they're gonna spend more money. They're going to focus on putting figuring out how they can do things. Easing of Easing of regulations. This is going to change everything. And to me, it ends up with the same thing, which is now more printing um of some sort. People have to support their own countries. Uh two podcasts for you guys to listen to on someone who's been all over this. He's called it National Capitalism. This this one here uh was out in December. worth listening to just to hear Russell Napier is extremely good on history but in terms of everything that he said in terms of where it would go very very good in terms of forethought and then this came out on March 26th excellent 30 minutes and he just goes through and everything he said on March 26 he said**[26:18]**everything he said on March 26 he said this will last until the bond market starts to become a problem he was exactly right once the bond market became a problem which he said would happen uh was an issue so there's two ways for the bond market to become an issue this was the good way. The good way is that there's deleveraging that's happening that it happens that leads to better tariff situations in terms of negotiations and it was only a week. Everything took a week for him to turn. So, in the end, I'd rather have that than a failed auction and us having to scramble to figure out the situation. Uh Pibble Malram had a great uh piece in Substack. Uh, and I just want to bring this up uh, in terms of reading it. As someone who spent family the last 40 years negotiating the reduction of tariffs and non-tariff barriers trade, it's frankly astonishing to see how fast countries are willing to drop their tariffs to zero and that they're willing to work with the US even on non-tariff barriers. The reason this is so important and I and I really can't emphasize this enough. Everyone's in the same situation. The world number one is interdependent and number two, no one's in a good situation. No one's economy can handle the disruption. So, you're talking about a global recession. And I think the way Trump approached it, people believed he would take it all the way to the end. And so, I think there's going to be negotiations. There will be difficult ones because I think he's lost some of his leverage. But regardless, there is going to be trade negotiations that are going to happen. And I think it's cuz everyone realizes the point that he was trying to make, which is the system is archaic. It's from post World War II. It needs to change. I agreed it needs to change. There's no way for this to happen easily. So, as far as I'm concerned, we're getting to a better place with this. Uh, and so I'm glad that we've hit this point, but I think you guys should stop worrying about this as being a depression and how bad the economy is going to be. We might have two quarters of negative GDP. We have not seen any job losses yet. And even though I think there will be job losses, we're not talking about anything that is catastrophic. And the worst of the economy will be this quarter in my opinion. opinion. Um, magically it's been pointed out and**[28:18]**Um, magically it's been pointed out and whether this was intended or not, but uh it sounds like it could be a game. Now with the 90 days, the next big tariff announcement will be on the 4th of July. Uh, I'm betting Trump manages to drive stock prices through the roof just in time for the midterms. Uh, if you want to get paid in the markets, there must be risk. So, this to me is the key thing for you guys going in. There are always consequences to these decisions and Besson is going to get what he wants. If you want to get paid in the markets, there's now two-sided risk. You cannot just go in and buy it if you are trading. So for hedge funds and people that are managed on a month-to-month basis in terms of their P&amp;L, get ready to trade. Don't look at your stuff and think, do you have any idea what's going to be happening six months from now in terms of how a company's going to do, what's going to go out? It just got more complicated. It was already complicated with competition from AI and a concentrated market. Now you're adding in the post tariff world where you don't know what's going to go on. So risk has been installed in the market. You're going to have higher uh bond bonds coming higher because the treasuries it's now apparent that how are we going to get to a point to restructure the debt outside of short-term thing? We are going to have issues constantly. Uh so you're going to get paid for managing the volatility. Returns will go up for those who have the skill to ride both the bull and the bear. Completely agree. For the young who have no memory of pregrand spin error, buckle up, take a deep breath, and enjoy the ride. This is when you learn. You don't learn anything when markets move smoothly and predictably rise. This is the kind of volatility used to be normal. When I started working on a trading floor in 1991, I joined Morgan Stanley at 1992. I traded emerging markets in there. I could not agree more with PIPA. Absolutely. And then finally, a shrinking US trade deficit will massively, not a little, massively disrupt the international capital market. Completely agree. So we're shrinking the US trade deficit. That is going to happen. That is the end result of this. So the collateral damage of doing this is it will disrupt the international capital market. Like I**[30:19]**international capital market. Like I said, we're going to be in a situation where the top end of the capital structure is no longer the safe haven that it was. How will states refinance themselves when they need fresh dollar credit for debt servicing? We're heading into a time of extreme stress in the credit framework. One thing is clear. If the US manages to shrink its trade deficit, dollar credit will get pricier. Absolutely agree. And this is the way you'll see it. This is the move index which is bonval. So post 2020 when we issued all of this debt. We went up to higher levels. We gradually started to work down. It looked we were going to be there. This was the chat GPT benefit went right back up. Now here's where we finished last week. This is high yield to worst. You are going to see bankruptcies. You are going to see defaults. You are going to see people that no longer want to roll out their debt. Now, this is not a systemic issue. But bonv is going to be up here for the entire time. And if there was any chance that it was going down, which was the the hope when Trump took over, we've now taken it where I think you can just say it's going to be up here. Now, again, that means credit spreads are, you know, on yield to worse are going higher. It also means things like triple B's. They've been sitting down at low levels. I don't think they're going up here now, but I think you're going to see more and more problems of just default. So for people in credit, it's great to be in credit, but if bond is going to be higher, it's really hard to sit in there and, you know, and accept any lower yields. So the higher yields are going to be here. In terms of V, I don't think equity V is coming down either. So this is the six-month contract of the VIX. Not high enough for me. I think it should be up closer to 30. To get there, we're going to have to have a lot of realized V of 2% a day moves for the next couple months. I think we're going to see that. So, I think getting used to these, you know, 5% moves, I think you just have to accept that this is going to be a higher level. Again, liquidity has been destroyed. uncertainty is here for a while and we've completely changed the total capital structure in terms of**[32:21]**the total capital structure in terms of what's there and the US doesn't have this bid underneath all the time from foreigners. So you're just going to have repatriation, you're going to have a change. So just accept the higher VS. It doesn't mean the market's going to go down. What it means is volatility is the negative side that comes out of this. They wanted to make sure that it was harder for Wall Street. I do believe between AI and higher bondvall as I go through the AI portion that is exactly what's happening. Wall Street will have trouble making the size of the returns it would. The sharp ratios will certainly go down. I don't see the S&amp;P having moonshot moves and being able to expand multiples. So think about all the multiple expansion that happened the last two years. Best case scenario now is I see the way things move out of the course of a year is they're going to trade with earnings and profit margins. That's not the same as multiple expansion. Higher rates is one side, but higher bondvall and uncertainty makes long-term investors the whole thing changes. So, I think you have to be in a point where the value side, if you have a good business and it's trading below intrinsic value, you want to be involved in those things and that's where I think AI is going to help. I don't think you want to be in speculative things and the you're going to get killed every time you miss on forward guidance. So, be very careful with the investing side. Um, this is V for currencies. You're gonna have currency V that's higher. So this is the euro dollar cross. It it was sitting down here and it's up here. I think you're going to have higher currency vault. This makes it harder for historical correlations, any kind of quant back tests. Uh I think the world has changed forever and I think it's going to be very hard. The companies that should do well and the factors that should do well, it sure it should still be what it was. So this is uh the move index and the white line here is pure profitability which basically means businesses that are making money regardless of what's happen. It's not just safe businesses. So don't think of this as staples. These are good businesses. These are businesses that are going through. So I think we're going to stay in that environment for the foreseeable future. Um Nvidia, the AI trade is back, guys. I**[34:21]**Nvidia, the AI trade is back, guys. I don't know what else to say. um as long as they're going to come through with the revenues and stuff, we have flushed everyone out of the AI trade. People have gotten bearish on it. It's going to happen. We are in the midst of the greatest technological revolution and the spending will happen and everything will go on because it's an important thing against China and there's absolutely no way that isn't going to happen. So Nvidia, believe it or not, this white line here is where it was at the lows on Deep Seek back in January. So basically, we're not too far away. We're $5 underneath. With all the bearishness that's gone and everything else, it's hung in there. So, that's the level that I think once we get above, I think that'll be a big time for the market, that'll probably mean the S&amp;P is either at or getting above the 5700 area. For those of you who have not reached out to 22V on the institutional side or anyone who you know wants to do business with them, um I did release a 16page deep my first deep research course on the next hardware investment frontier macro regime shift all on embodied AI. This is the stuff that now you want to be doing your homework on because AI is one of the things that is structural. It is one of the thing that's going to be happen. Here's what's happened this week. Google introduces Firebase Studio. Um this is all on the agent side guys. So everything you're going to see now from uh on this is on the agents uh new agent to agent or agent to agent protocol from Google. Remember agents is the big theme for this year. This is what makes adoption easier. This is what explodes stable coin transactions around the globe and leads to more and more of the digital economy growing. A AI agents is the most important thing for this year. Much more important than the robotic side. All of those things will just continue. But the AI agent side will allow for easier adoption than hoping that human beings will actually go out and learn how to use AI or learn how to use anything. That's already been proven to be challenging. The AI agent side much easier. MCP which I highlighted in here back in November. Um this is uh Demis is the head of uh of deep think for Google.**[36:26]**the head of uh of deep think for Google. MCP is good protocol. It's rapidly becoming open standard for the AI agentic area. We will be supporting it for our Gemini models. Very important terms of moving it out. People have Gemini. We'll go through this. This is again if you want to go read it on your own. This came out uh very powerful thing used in trading by a lot of places in terms of using different apps. Don't need API keys. need API keys. Um this is kind of a a flow of it. I I just want to make sure you realize that on this AI side that regardless of what is happening in the market, this continues to move forward. People are not paying attention to what's happening in the stock market. So you've had a repricing of a lot of things. Go back and do your homework. I'm telling you, the left tail has been uh taken out by the administration. They've shown their hands. We may go back through the lows, but you can expect the Fed to be there. You can expect the administration to be there. And bond yields have shown that if equities are weak, bond yields are going to weaken. and this becomes an allout America uh problem. And so you're going to see the downside protected. So you should be going through the companies that are going to be able to grow and the fact that we're not going to have recession. That's what those two things mean. Left tail gone means no deep recession. Left tail gone means you can start to do your work on secular growers. Alibaba executives see explosive growth in AI applications. This is all out of China this week. Again, the AI arms race continues will not stop. Deep Seek unveils new AI reasoning method for its uh new uh new models. Uh Chinese AI meets quantum power and gets smarter faster. Do not doubt the government spending on AI. Uh EU now realizing that they've got to do everything on their own. Bets on gigafactories to catch up with US China in AI arms race. This is all this week guys during the during the pain. So now I'm going to finish up the last seven slides with something to just show you why I have so much confidence in where we at and how this all fits in with Bitcoin. So if you haven't heard me**[38:27]**with Bitcoin. So if you haven't heard me speak about this in public, if you haven't read or you don't know who Joseph Shumpeter is and his theory of creative destruction, I highly recommend going on your Chat GPT, taking a walk in a park and having a conversation with it on the book The Prophet of Innovation and learn as much as you can about Joseph Shumpert. I asked ChachiPT to give us a summary so I could go through this on here. Uh here's what creative destruction pressures governments and wealth distribution. As new technologies and business models emerge, entire industries are rendered obsolete. The winners of creative destruction, tech entrepreneurs, capitalists accumulate entrepreneurs, capitalists accumulate outsized wealth. Remind you of the situation we're in, the one being blamed right now on whatever trade deficits and stuff. This has all been about technology and this has all been about creative destruction. What does it do to policy from policy pressures from voder? The disruption creates polit political backlash. Populism protectionism and demands for redistribution increases. Citizens feel left behind by rapid economic change. Populism protection and the redistribution. Whether it's socialism, populism protection, all ends up in the same thing. When you have a distribution of wealth problem, which is caused by technology, governments face pressure to intervene with safety nets, regulations, or even anti-inovation policies. Middle class stability erodess. challenging governments to redefine their role in ensuring fairness and and opportunity, further widening gaps between tech hubs and rural industrial regions, increasing geographic and political polarization. This is from a man who wrote this in the 1940s. Chumper argued that capitalism's success would eventually lead to its decline, not because of failure, but because prosperity breeds bureaucracy, prosperity breeds bureaucracy, complacency, and anti- capitalist sentiment, especially among sentiment, especially among intellectuals. He predicted capitalism might be replaced by socialism, not through revolution, but through gradual erosion of its cultural and political support. So then I said, "Hey, what you know about Bitcoin and the blockchain, how does that fit into Joseph Shumpert?" Well, it likes**[40:30]**Shumpert?" Well, it likes it. Uh, so the whole point of this is that if you ask a question and you go, "How does Bitcoin do in Joseph Shumper's world?" Oh, it's a rebellion against the bloated institutions that Shumper foresaw. The decentralized ethos of blockchain revives entrepreneurial blockchain revives entrepreneurial energy. Shumper revered. It's a hedge against the erosion of faith in market systems. Chumper believed capitalism could collapse into a soft socialism. Socialism is not an option. Bitcoin is the the option. So now let's go through the dollar as I highlighted before was down 2.77%. 2.77%. fourth fourth worst daily worst daily move back in the last 15 years. So I only chose that to 2010 because Bitcoin started trading in 2010. So let's go back and look at the times where that happened those other times. First one 2015 may not be able to see it that clearly here. Oh right here at the lows on Bitcoin before Bitcoin started a massive rally over the next two and a half years. half years. Uh the next one 2020 COVID we remember this one again another one dollar falls that goes on and then finally the last one was in 2022 FTX all the blah blah blah end of Bitcoin and then we get the next rally um it's starting again guys that we're we're going to make new highs in stocks this year or at least into the first quarter of next year. Nvidia is starting to trade well. Gold has already gone higher. People are looking for an alternative system. the digital economy and an alternative system will be what goes on. And more importantly, I've said this before, it's the network effects of stable coin and trades happening in the digital currency. You are not settling energy trades in gold. Venet confirms that China and Russia are settling energy trades in Bitcoin. Dolorization is here. Whether or not you believe this has happened or not, it's a matter of time. You're going to get outside the**[42:30]**time. You're going to get outside the system to do this. OTC crypto and stable coin volumes doubled year-over-year in Trump's first 100 days. And And finally, New York state bill proposes legalizing Bitcoin and crypto for state payments. That's in New York. Um, that's it for this week. Uh, I'm sure next week will feel like another month. See you guys next week.