---
title: "Liberation Day Becomes Liquidation Days as Depression Risk Gets Built In"
channel: "Jordi Visser"
channel_slug: jordi-visser
video_id: YthSHhrZKKg
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YthSHhrZKKg
upload_date: 2025-04-06
duration: "42:19"
description: "Investors patiently waited for the Rose Garden tariff presentation on Liberation Day and were not happy with what they heard. The communication and calculation left people confused and the reaction in the following two days was historic with regards to price movements.  In this week's video we go th"
view_count: 7638
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-03
---

# Liberation Day Becomes Liquidation Days as Depression Risk Gets Built In

**Channel:** Jordi Visser
**Date:** 2025-04-06
**Duration:** 42:19
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YthSHhrZKKg

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]**historic week. Uh let's go through it. Libertate Liberation Day tended to uh lead to liquidation days. Um I'll go through why the market responded this way. All the panic indicators pretty much have checked off now. Um so we've had enough selling at this point that on all levels, including recession levels, we're at important um points in history. Uh it was a bad time for a good payroll number. Will Trump reverse course or is this uh our future? And uh the winner for last week clearly was Bitcoin and I'll go through that to finish up. So let's just start it off since he made the announcement and there was a lot of confusion on both how he came up with the numbers and uh what they were. I think this is the major story as to what triggered the selloff. It was really a combination of of three things. One is uh it was larger than what was expected. This is Goldman Sachs. They had expected uh 15 B 15 uh percentage uh percentages 15% it came in on theirs calculation 18.7 other people have different ones. Uh the second thing is it didn't make any sense. So, uh, when people went through it and how they calculated it, uh, immediately afterwards, people figured out and decoded what the numbers were and just realized there was no real formula and this was just put out there. And then the third thing, uh, that people are worried about at this point still is how long are these going to be on. So, let's go through a little bit of history. history. So uh I wanted to make sure that since uh people were texting about well this is inflationary uh this is deflationary the way it stands now and the reason is you just have to go back to smooth holly uh and realize that this was done basically in 1930 after we had the uh crash of the market we had bounced**[2:05]**uh crash of the market we had bounced and then we put tariffs around the globe the trading partners retaliated as we've seen so far with China and we'll see if we get other countries to follow uh back. They've left some time for negotiation. China came back immediately. But I want you to read the last line here of Smooll. It was followed by more liberal trade agreements such as the Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act of 1934. So let let's just see what happened between 1930. So here is when Smood Holly came into effect. We had already had basically the crash. We had rallied into the Great Depression and started to go back up towards the highs. We were actually actually before, you know, where we were before the final runup. We get had bounced back. You had this and then the market proceeded to go into the Great Depression and everything that you've read about until read about until 1934. Basically, that's 1934. Basically, that's when the reciprocal tariff act. So, it was widely credited with ushering an era of liberal trade policy that persisted throughout the 20th century. I bring this up because at the end of the day, uh, everyone is spending their time like extrapolating what has been done already. We don't know if this is all negotiation. Uh, we don't know how much of this is real. Almost everybody expected there to be tariffs. The reason the market has sold off so much is because the uncertainty that people had with what he was trying to accomplish has actually worsened. I think we're at peak. We had peaked already in terms of uncertainty. Now we know the worst of the numbers based on what Besson has said. Uh and since China came back and we didn't get increase, I think we can still go with that for the time be time being particularly when I show you some of the other things. uh but we have to stick with the fact that at this point the market is responding to an extrapolation that what happened on Wednesday is going to be here for a long time and we don't know that and that's why the market could change quickly and I'm going to go through where we are in terms of recession because at the end of the day uh it's really about recession**[4:05]**the day uh it's really about recession and earnings and what he did on Wednesday if it sticks plus what China has done and what the other countries are like to do uh you are talking about something which is not reciprocal trade you're talking about something which is meant to not only take the tariffs into play that other countries have but the non-tariff barriers and that's where the issue comes in uh for all of this. So I just want to bring up Steven Mirren who's really the architect his paper a users guide to restructuring the global trading system which came out in November. Uh he is the chair of the council of economic adviserss. They're the ones that basically put everything out. Uh so what he wrote and this is uh from Grock. I asked Rock to go in and give me a summary of his paper uh including uh all the pieces in terms of the way it should be implemented and here's what he put in there. So tariffs as a multi-purpose tool. Great. He explicitly cautions that a sudden shock to tariff rates of the size proposed can result in financial market volatility due to significant exchange rate fluctuations and uncertainty. That's exactly what we've had. To counter this, Mirren advocates for a gradual and predictable approach. That's not what we have. Suggesting the administration provide forward guidance on tariff increase similar to how central banks you uh this would give markets time to adjust and reduce the risk of abrupt sell-offs. That is why we had the selloff. He not only came out with it, it left more uncertainty. There was no warning uh in terms of the the numbers because there's no anyone could come up with that. But at the end, the numbers are higher than what was expected. I think if he had come out and said this is what we're going to do a flat 20% tax I don't think the reaction necessarily would have been as bad because at least there would have been some logic and some belief there would be negotiations but in this case it almost seemed like it was meant to get the reaction that he got both in the market and from the trading partners in terms of the S&amp;P uh this is the two-day return 10 and a half% uh you can go back and look over**[6:05]**half% uh you can go back and look over time uh in terms of a two-day move this goes all the way back to 1950 50 uh it was the fourth largest uh in the last 75 years. So we had a significant response. The other ones are COVID uh and uh the great financial crisis. So when you put things into context as to what has happened, this is a historic event. Uh another way to look at it, this is the weekly move. So it was down 9% for the week. And again, you go back and look, uh, you've got after 911, you've got the great financial crisis, you've got COVID, and now you've got something which will live forever in terms of, oh, we'll go back and look and go, oh, that was liberation day. Uh, so we repriced everything immediately. On that day after, we dis we took growth down significantly. I've shown this before. This is the equal weight consumer discretionary relative to equal weight consumer staples. Uh, this kind of break lower Again, only happens during times where the economy suddenly goes in towards a recession. Uh I've used this a bunch of times for a variety of reasons, but this is also the three-month earnings provision uh earnings per share revision factor. Uh it had had this first leg lower, did kind of the webinar on what had happened to hedge funds went up and then this was the these were the two biggest days yet of all this. So, uh damage done to the hedge fund community uh for sure over the last two days. uh and this time unlike when we got the first wave. So remember the first wave of that earnings revision happened in here this is the European banks you know this is the place believe it or not people were hiding uh in a group uh that has been a death trap for people and it's proven to be a death trap again as it gave up 75% of the gains in basically 7 days but in two days it gave up about 60%. So this is just another thing. Any momentum trades that were sitting up here, they unwound quickly. It was across the globe. It wasn't just in the US. Uh but believe it or not, in terms of the S&amp;P, we are still not from a draw**[8:08]**of the S&amp;P, we are still not from a draw down basis at a number that is inconsistent with history. Uh this goes back 55 years. Uh we're down 17%. There's been plenty of times we've been down more, including uh times where we didn't have a recession, uh back here, 22. So, we still have a chance uh in this of another I would say 10% uh easily before we'd have a point where we'd we'd be at a historical level. And the same thing goes for the MAG 7 with regards to 2022. This is going to become more important because I'll bring this up with Bitcoin, but the MAG 7 is really one of the important things. It was thrown under the bus by Scott Besson blaming the stock market on this. Uh it's now down 30% from the highs. Uh again we had a 50% fall uh in that group there. We had a 35% fall during COVID. Uh but we are now at the third largest since this group got to the size that it did. It was a panic day. Um this is just a list because I don't want to make this thing over 50 minutes. It's probably going to be 50 minutes today. Highest selling in 15 years. Two day largest two-day drop in 50 years. Uh VIX at 45. Where returns on average one week later plus four blah blah blah blah blah. You can go through all of this and read them on your own. Uh but let's just say no matter which way you go, this was a historic day and there are two days and there was capitulation everywhere. The VIX uh for the week was up 109%. Uh so it doubled. Uh again that highlights not just the movement but how surprising it was. Meaning it was coming beforehand at a time where there wasn't much expectations. You never had a week like this during ' 08 during the great financial crisis because the Vault was moving higher the entire year. It was already at high levels and then it just sat at high levels. This was coming at a point where people you know didn't believe it was going anywhere. But more importantly, it's because we had very very low correlation in the market. I had highlighted that breath was fine. This had been a rotation until**[10:08]**This had been a rotation until Wednesday. Once Wednesday happened uh after the close Thursday and Friday everything shifted. you had one correlation moves. You had over 92% of the stocks down on Friday in the S&amp;P 500. So, it was a complete bloodbath uh in terms of uh the selling. We also had credit blowout significantly. Uh for the week, it uh high yield uh option adjusted adjusted spreads. They were at 84 basis points. So, this is uh basically the highest in the last or the 13 years we have of data except for when the market shut down during COVID. uh junk bonds suffer worst route since COVID. So not just US but the globe commodities price gauge caps biggest two-day drop since 2011. This why I said this is deflationary. This is depression type stuff in terms of the movements. The market is responding to Smoot Holly and to trade wars to unwinding positions. It's a quick change from this will be the most pro business government uh ever to uh the most anti-b businessiness government in terms of creating a panic uh in such a short amount of time. The bare index actually get up to the third uh highest level this week on record. uh both of these both in 90 at the end of the recession and also March 9th uh or March 6 of09 these were believe it or not the absolute lows in the markets uh those bare markets. So we'll see what happens um if if this week was uh enough to turn it. Uh the high versus low beta performance is now in the zero percentile uh percentile going back uh to 2010. This is uh Jeff Degraphth work. And then you've got the Russell 3000. We finally now have uh reached a level where the market is, you know, has built in a recession. It's blown things out or at least a high probability of a recession. We only have 15 16% of the Russell 3000 above the 200 day moving average now. So, we've definitely got**[12:08]**average now. So, we've definitely got everything done. And the one thing that has been a disappointment, I'm sure, for the administration, uh, for the week, I mean, I hear a lot of people talking that 10, they're getting what they want with 10ear yields down with the S&amp;P falling this much. 10 year olds were down 25 basis points for the week. This this was not even uh, you know, a week to to remember in terms of how big the moves are. But in particular, if we go back to uh, the stuff like in you know, the great financial crisis, we were getting 60 and 50 basis point uh, moves during that. If you go to COVID, it was 40. We got 25 basis points during a panic. So tenure rates are still not coming down. And a lot of that is the the fears over how much people are going to have to raise prices at the company level to be able to stay in business, which will be part of the story that we end up hearing. It's going to be one or the other. They either put the prices through or we lose a tremendous amount of businesses and we lose jobs. Um those are the only two alternatives. They can't handle these losses uh in terms of not passing them through regardless of what the administration wants. from a technical basis. Uh if you were going to pick a level to where I still think we can get to um if we do get there, I think it's going to be a flush type move, meaning it happens in a very short amount of time. Uh meaning there's another fall that's coming. That's probably, you know, 5 to 10% if not two. This would take us down to two levels. Um one is the highs uh from 2021 or end of 2021 into 22 before we started that bare market. We held the 200week moving average. This has historically and I'm not just doing in here. It has historically been the place that unless you have significant job losses and it lasts for a period of time. So these were big job losses, big job losses. We had job losses in 20 job loss in 20 but everything snapped back because of the printing that came on to stay below the 200E moving average. This needs to be a sustained bare market where it takes multiple years to get back to the highs. That could be what we're in store for, but the only way we're going to be in store for that is if the job situation starts to unravel, which has not happened yet. Uh, year-over-year S&amp;P,**[14:08]**happened yet. Uh, year-over-year S&amp;P, the green line there is my, you know, history of kind of using this to figure out when the percent probability of a risk of the S of a recession in the US is 50%. Uh, so the S&amp;P has got us to where we're above 50%, somewhere around 55. The red line there uh for me is when you're pretty much in any anything over the 17% level in terms of down year-over-year, it's really hard to not have a recession. We've obviously had some periods where that didn't happen. 2022 is one if you want to be safe. Below 20, you're pretty much in there. Uh we also got down to around 20 with the uh the crash of 87 without having a recession. But for the most part, the S&amp;P 500 is the best gauge uh along with jobless claims, like I've said, for recession risk. To show how quickly this has gone, JP Morgan just three weeks ago uh said US stocks overplay recession risk. Then on uh on uh Friday at 3 in the morning, JP Morgan raises recession risk to 60%. risk to 60%. Then at 5:00 pm on the same day, JP Morgan says Trump's tariffs to send us into recession. So now they're forecasting an a real growth of minus.3%. That's important to this because because minus.3% uh in my argument uh in my my impression unless we have job losses that is going to be something where we should hold the 200E moving average which means there's 10% more downside. Uh, and my guess is this could have been the low for the week if that's the case. Uh, and I'll explain why, but I think you're going to get a quick movement to the 200 week uh, based on not having any turnaround from Trump and willing to play this out. Uh, but at that point, I think we will have discounted enough to where we're fair value or actually cheap relative to the likelihood of a recession uh, down at around 4700. Uh Ted Cruz warns tariff rifts are risk sparking GOP wipeout in 2026 elections.**[16:12]**sparking GOP wipeout in 2026 elections. Uh so you're starting to get and this was before Friday. Uh you're starting to get more and more the Republicans on there. I thought this was worth showing to you guys. Um I respect Gavin Baker a lot as a thinker and also as someone who was absolutely in favor of tariffs. Uh and kind of laid out the day before. I'm not going to show that tweet, but he laid out the day before what how he thought this would be handled. And this was the opposite of where it was. Um meaning coming out this way, not having it gradual, and we still may get to what he thought was best for the country, but the reality is uh he said, I say all of this as someone who's open-minded to tariffs that were thoughtfully constructed, gradually phased in, and accompanied by massive deregulation. ideal outcome would have been some combination of reshoring revenue generation and seeing our largest trading partners lower their barriers to American goods. It is a fact that until yesterday, we generally had much lower tariff rates than other countries. I'm going to leave the Besson stuff out, but I think the point was there's someone who thought we were going to get something was speaking about it on podcast, tweeting about it. Uh tariffs are fine. I think everyone had come to the world had come to an agreement that something needs to be done. I even think the other countries believe that. I just think the way this was handled and the communication uh seems to be either meant for negotiating from a position of uh fear-mongering and willing to show that they're putting the country in pain or this is just the reality and this is what he wants to do is just cleanse the system and if he does you've got people out there like Gavin Baker and also Brad Gersonner who also has been supportive of tariffs uh highlighting VIX spiking highest fear level since co now things start to break the danger With shock therapy approaches and complex systems, it's impossible to model the negative reflexity. This is something I say all the time when it comes to people messing and not understanding how interconnected the world is. They did this with Lehman Brothers and it led to a version of a**[18:13]**Brothers and it led to a version of a depression. We would have had a depression if it wasn't for the fact that we printed an enormous amount of money. How can a how can an administration want to put us into a recession to where then they have to print money again to get us out? Uh the belief that they're going to get the investments and stuff as they go through this without the job losses maybe over time, but that's not the way these things work. They are complex systems and you always always miss something in terms of the possibility of what goes wrong. Uh think of China with their zero COVID policy. They haven't been able to get people to come out and start spending again. At some point, if you do material damage, it becomes a psychological thing. That's what the depression was about. That's why it has the name, the depression. Sometimes you can't get people to spend. And when you have a country based on consumption and based on taking risk, that's what can change very quickly. Now, I wanted to get into the other danger of this and the reason that Gavin Baker and and Brad Gersonner need to be listened to because they are both technology people and they realize the damage that will be done not only to earnings for tech companies which started to happen uh last week. Their stocks are down obviously the most, but also the AI situation in terms of the buildout which will start to become a story in my opinion this week. So, this is from Apple's 10K. The company's operations performance depends significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the company's business results of operation. You can go through the rest of what I highlighted on there and pause it. The reality is Apple has said this inner 10k forever that if something happens geopolitically it will hurt this. They still make approximately 90% of their iPhones in China. Uh Mag 7 stocks overall generate 49% of their revenues overseas. They are all exposed to global trade, to the system, to tariffs, to everything. Regulations, non-trade barriers, everything. So that's why these companies are getting hurt more than say the S&amp;P 493, but everyone's getting hurt. But I bring that up because it'll become important for Bitcoin at the end. Now, this is where I go back into Gavin Baker. This**[20:14]**where I go back into Gavin Baker. This is in the same post he put, uh, but this is on the AI side. Geopolitically, nothing matters more than winning AI. These tariffs are constructed essentially guarantee that America will lose AI by making America the most expensive place on earth to build AI data centers. This is so critical to what's going on and it will come out more and more. This was out on Friday night with Trump tariffs. Even AI could get more expensive. So the buildout, how are these companies that now are seeing their stock prices fall and the buildouts getting more expensive? How are they going to put as much money in data centers based on what happened on Wednesday? At the same time, data centers growing appetite. They need rare earth metals. The problem is China hits back at US tariffs with rare earth export controls. So immediately in terms of getting in this, there is the unknown consequences that come along. So if you really believe you're in a race with China in AI, one of the problems you run into is we have shut off their uh semiconductors. they still had Deep Seek. Now they're saying they'll shut off Rare Earths in terms of going out. This is just a battle that just doesn't uh doesn't end well in terms of what's going on. Uh Howard Mark spoke and basically the only thing I wanted to see is Howard's a smart not a smart guy, one of the smartest people in financial world. Uh we know much less today than usual. The world economy was shook up like a snow globe by the events of the last seven days. I think that is a great visual. That's what I think absolutely has happened. I think it was meant to happen as kind of shock therapy as uh uh Gersonner brought up. The problem is and I mentioned this with my regime shift and how hedge funds are lever. This is the place where you could see more and more problems. Hedge funds hit with steepest margin calls since 2020 COVID crisis. When you shift things this quickly, it leads to losses and hedge funds are levered and we went from a period of low volatility, high positioning, high growth. you just couldn't get all this off. Plus, this was outside the distribution. Uh, I've**[22:14]**was outside the distribution. Uh, I've shown this chart before. Uh, this is an overlay of the Bloomberg Hedge Index, which is the pink line. We haven't got the numbers for March yet. We know March was a down month. And this is it overlaid with the three-month earnings per share revisions. Basically, hedge funds make money off growth, whether it's because of credit being stable, o all things being stable, we have now driven it all the way back to the 2024 levels. there are losses that are happening. This creates a weakened system. Uh this just highlights that hedge funds typically have long sensitivity to credit. Not a surprise. But again, when growth comes down and credit goes wider, you have a problem. Uh soft data continues to be horrible. Uh we had the new orders, less inventories, which collapsed 11 points uh for the quarter. Uh it is the worst quarterly time since we were in the recession here, recession here. uh basically you're just at a point where it's very very difficult uh to look at the soft data and not expect that this is going to turn into something worse. That being said, the payroll numbers were good again. And here's the 3mon diffusion index which is still sitting at 59% nowhere near what is happening during a recession. Uh and the bad news as I mentioned is Trump points to margin job search his tariffs are already working after two days. So, this is what we're dealing with um in terms of the logic for the markets or the lack of care. The good news is the jobless claims still are not showing anything. So, I brought this chart up just again. Yes, the S&amp;P has built this in, but we don't have a situation yet where people are losing jobs. When people start losing jobs, that's when the spending really starts to freeze. That's when credit becomes an issue. Um, as of right now, the jobless claims, the four-week average is the same level it was as the first quarter of 2020 2022. Uh, shocking to many people, but again, a labor shortage and a whole a whole bunch of reasons where people don't believe even now that he could possibly stay with this goal of putting us into a recession. So, I think**[24:15]**putting us into a recession. So, I think they're going to be slow to fire people because if you fire people before your business really slows down uh and before you have earnings losses, and that's why I think this probably goes on for another 30 to 45 days based on the Tik Tok situation and some of the negotiations. There's probably going to be some positive headlines and deals made across the way to show that he can make a deal. So, that's why I have this belief that we'll probably have another day, maybe two days of this intensity and then maybe we can make a at least a short-term low and start to try to build in some kind of a bottom where we retest and we spend a lot of time at 4700 to 5200. That would be an optimal goal. All right, some positive numerology stuff for you guys. So, at least you have some optimism that a this is not yet something that's abnormal and secondly, can you fall this much and actually make a reversal if he does turn a little bit? And the answer is yes. So Charlie Ble, I'm thinking three of three things he did this week. They're all good. Number one, just to show that uh you know, we had a draw down. Uh the draw down even in the S&amp;P at 17%. It's happened many many times. This shows the total return for the year. So this includes these numbers. And what you see is there's a lot of time, you know, times in here where even when you have this kind of draw down, you still end up for the year, uh, or still end up much higher from where you were. Uh, another one just in terms of the S&amp;P down 8.2% in the first 63 days of trading. This was through Thursday. Uh, believe it or not, you know, price day from the 64th to the end of the year. A lot of positive times. Now the end of the year itself for full year not as great but these are the numbers that go from the 63rd day on. So you do have a lot of times where from this you can have a down beginning you can still finish up. The VIX spiked nearly 40% closed above 30 for the first time since last August. What happens to following the biggest volatility spikes and again the numbers are really really good out a year. They're really really good out six months. uh another one that came through uh from him that he put out**[26:16]**came through uh from him that he put out there, it fell 10 and a half% over the last two trading days, the fifth biggest two-day decline since 1950. Uh and again, one year out, you've been up every single time from that point. And those are big numbers. So, historically, you have a reason to be positive. Um here's another VIX one. Same type of thing. All positive going out. So, we did hit panic. Uh this is a pretty good one in terms of uh Jason Gford. The S&amp;P is lower in October is now. This is S&amp;P after a greater than 4% loss, then greater than 5% loss. So back toback greater than 4% losses. Uh six months later, every single one of them is up. So again, you go through this, you have at least something to go up from hope, but uh you're still getting this. Trump says he won't back down from the global trade war. Uh you've got Lutnik saying no chance to back up taxes. I'm not going to read all this, but basically they they've got the same rhetoric coming out. uh Bessant it's a stock market drop is a mag seven drop it's not a MAGA one so they're basically going out there and trying to keep the base supportive of what they're doing even with tells Americans to hang tough through economic revolution as stocks plummet it won't be easy you know he's he's he's definitely keeping his base uh where it is uh in terms of them wanting to fight this and just go through it which is fine uh and I think it's going to stay that way I bring this up my friend Marco Papich whose work I really love. He wrote this in September. Um you guys can pause it again and read through his points in here, but the main point is it's really really hard when the world is this interconnected and more importantly when it's multipolar and people can move away to other people. So what Trump has done is basically said to the world, you're not doing business with us unless you're paying us money. And the hope is that they all come to negotiate on their hands and knees because the US is a large consumer and by itself it is the largest consumer but**[28:17]**by itself it is the largest consumer but when you add up the rest of the globe it's much big the rest of the globe is much bigger than the US. So if they all deal with each other and it's isolationist you can't have a problem. So he just wrote this that eventually smarter heads will come into into play. this is back then and he's been one of the people that really believes that this China war has started uh since 2016 uh presidential election. So in 15 there was already this trade thing going on from both sides. So this is uh a situation where hopefully this is meant to be the final cleansing of this and China and the US can come to some kind of agreement to reduce the trade deficit. Uh and we'll see what they can do once they talk. uh Charlie Gasparino basically coming out and saying that Besson is trying to moderate things. I only put this in there because I think you're going to start getting more and more stuff where people realize that if they're staying attached to this whole plan and there just doesn't seem to be a plan that doesn't lead to job losses at this point. This is different than what a lot of them said, including Besset in most of his interviews at the beginning where he said job losses were not something Trump wanted. Well, with what he's done this week, uh, and maybe the move surprised him. He's not going to admit it at this point because that's not part of his personality, but a 10% fall in two days after you have liberation day could not be what he expected to have happen. Uh, and I think that's the issue that comes out of this is it had been very quiet beforehand uh, with the market not down more than 6% and now all of a sudden uh, it's a different story. Uh, I bring up some points of why this negotiation is part of the things he's promised. He promised to Russia Ukraine end of the war. He needs China as part of the negotiation. So that makes this difficult. Didn't talk about this last week because I didn't think it really mattered because this goes on all the time. But China's been doing exercises around Taiwan. If there was ever a time where China looked and said, I okay, if this is what the trade war is, then we might as well make this a a a war for real and make sure that the chips are isolated. And again, uh, some of the**[30:19]**isolated. And again, uh, some of the risks that you're playing with, uh, when you're out there saying you're not going to spend money and you're going to put tariffs on everyone without talking. A little hope in here. Um, the Tik Tok deal, deal, uh, didn't happen. And the reason it didn't happen, we hope to continue working in good faith with China, who I understand are not very happy about our reciprocal reciprocal tariffs. Uh, it goes on to again, we we don't want Tik Tok to go dark. We look forward to working with Tik Tok and China to close the deal. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Uh again, if he wants to get Tik Tok done, which he's trying to get done, he's got to work with China on this because they stopped the deal from happening. Uh there was some positive things. I mean, there were more exemptions than what I think people thought. So, originally when he did the tariffs, about a third of the imports are actually excluded. um he kept the Canada Mexico uh exclusion. Uh Israel had already said they were going to scrap it, but they were given a a tariff rate as well. Uh so maybe, you know, again, room for negotiation. Trump says Vietnam wants to cut its taxes, its tariffs to zero. So you do have at least people willing to um to work on this. Uh but again, it's an all-around blockade. Meaning if in the past when we put tariffs on China, if they built things in Mexico or they built things in Vietnam, they were getting around them. So now what Trump has done is basically said, no matter where you go, there's an all-around blockade. So he's trying to apply pressure and trying to get everybody to negotiate, not end up in the same situation with tariffs he did last time. Uh this where I move to finish up on Bitcoin. So last week, Bitcoin outperformed. I got a lot of people asking me why, particularly on Friday. It was two very, very strong relative days. And when I say strong relative days, it was down about 1 and a half% for the two days after. But the big thing was relative to all other assets, uh, it was much better, including gold. When you beta adjusted,**[32:21]**including gold. When you beta adjusted, it was dramatically better. So, people notice that normally if you have a 10% fall in the S&amp;P, you'd probably have a 15ish, maybe 20-ish% fall in Bitcoin. And yet, for the week, it was down less than the S&amp;P. So, what happened? Um, Bitcoin is outside the system. I've said this repeatedly. Everyone who is done their homework on their homework on Bitcoin, Bitcoin is the way the digital economy has money. It was the white paper that came out. But more importantly, the system is breaking down. And this week was kind of a death nail for the system. Whether you believe the tariffs are uh going to be reduced or not, there are tariffs, they are not coming off. And this is now an a beginning or a countdown of a gl of a massive change. You want to use it as one of the historic days. This will be a historic day in terms of breaking the current system that we've been in for a long time post World War II. So, Bitcoin is outside of it. Meaning if you're going to do trade, Russia uses crypto and Chinese and Indian oil trade. It's already going on. Uh for all you gold lovers, you're not putting a bunch of gold on a ship and shipping it to uh to China uh to exchange things. So how you're moving things around where it has to be immediate where you know it's there. Crypto is something that will gain steam. So crypto this week in my opinion as it held firm as stocks lose 5 trillion it's starting to become something that people realize rather than say it's a hedge against inflation it's a hedge against this it's just a hedge against the system the system is breaking down Bitcoin's correlation with stock shows signs of breaking down Michael Sailor said there are no tariffs on Bitcoin and everyone I talked to even people in crypto I don't think they thought about it in the way that that's true and that's important if you want to have trade and you want to move things around, a neutral currency is a good thing. A a neutral reserve currency is good. Uh here's just the chart of of uh**[34:21]**good. Uh here's just the chart of of uh Bitcoin over the S&amp;P, which is the white line. So this is the skyrocket move higher. And then this is Q's. So again, I've heard so many people say that why would I buy Bitcoin when it's just the NASDAQ? Well, for all of you who have waited for that, you have made a big mistake at this point because the NASDAQ and the MAG 7 is going down. And Bitcoin outperformed last year, it outperformed the year before and now it's outperforming this year in a down year. So, you lost not owning it on the way up and now you're losing it on the way down. And I'm going to explain why this is only going to get worse. Uh, and why you should be moving moving moving money away because they are all exposed to the system. Dan Tapiro, uh, really good macro person who wrote this as well. Moment of realization for Bitcoin. Couldn't agree more. Uh, tariffs crushing analog markets, analog verse the digital. Completely agree. Uh, he's got Bitcoin over the S&amp;P there. Jack Mers put this out in February. We are witnessing the unwind of the World War II economic order. Could not agree more. Uh, Jack is very good on talking about this stuff. He has talked about it as the same way that this is outside the system. A move back to a neutral reserve currency. This is back in February before the tariffs. This is another post that he had up there just highlighting again public debt outstanding. This is not going down. So with what happened this week, the debt is going to have to get bigger because we are going to have a recession if he doesn't turn around. And with a recession, you're going to have to print more money or default on the debt. Either the debt. Either way, this does not work in terms of the favor of not printing money. Uh Matthew Seagull from uh Vanek. At the same time, the weaponization of trade and financial infrastructure continues to drive interest rates and neutral settlement rails. Uh neutral settlement rails are going to grow in terms of what people are looking for. Here's gold for the two days. Here's Bitcoin. You can't even see it. Gold was one of its worst days in**[36:22]**it. Gold was one of its worst days in the last year. for Bitcoin. It was barely a day uh barely two days at all. Less volatility than normal. I'm coming back. This is the Apple uh 10K. Again, this is this again I bring this up because remember the Mag 7 are exposed to the global system. This is the reason why these are not software. These are not US companies. These are software companies who happen to get their revenues from all over the US. So when you put tariffs on and you start breaking down the trade or you start breaking the supply chains in the ca in in the case of Apple all of these things exposed you equities that's why I say Bitcoin is the S&amp;P 500 digital economy if you do not have 5 to 10% of your money in it you're not diversified enough for what is going on right now and if anything from this week this was not a warning shot this was your last chance to change to at least diversify and move some stuff out here's the chart of Bitcoin versus the Mag 7, like I said, it outperformed in in 23, outperformed in 24. Beautiful cup and handle formation and starting to break out. What I fully expect here is that whenever the MAG7 bottoms or the equity market finds a bottom and rallies, Bitcoin had a lower bait on the way down, it'll have a higher bait on the way up. And that's what you want from anything. And remember, Trump is going after the MAG7. These these leaders sat at the inauguration. They're getting pounded on. You've have you've got Brad Gersonner. You've got Gavin Baker, owners of these companies that were surprised. There is no way that you cannot look and realize that he does not care about these companies. And he does care about Bitcoin and they continue to do things in the administration. Here are the returns of Bitcoin relative to the Mag 7. Again, it's outperformed by 18% this year, 32% last year, 24% the year before. Making money in the way down, making money on the way up. Uh SEC says stable coins aren't securities that require registration. So, this uh came out this week. Uh you wouldn't have seen**[38:23]**out this week. Uh you wouldn't have seen this because it happened just yesterday uh or Friday since I'm doing this on Saturday. Uh stable coins really important. Again, I've talked about this before. Stable coins are the network effects. The transactions globally are going to increase with stable coins. More and more of the economy is going digital. Less and less of it is going to be the old school trading through send me your money, go through it. It is going to be done in a place where you get your money immediately overnight. And that's going to be in stable coins. And unlike in 2022 when the market went lower as rates were going higher, stable coin market cap went down that entire time into 2023. time into 2023. Stable coin market cap continues to go higher and there's been more and more stable coin creations. Uh I mentioned custodia bank last week. Last three slides. Uh Michael Sailor Micro Strategy. Strategy. Uh Wall Street has been dead wrong. I want to point out to everyone who has been posting an X that this is the biggest Ponzi scheme. When the tide of liquidity goes out, you find out who's naked. Here's the Mag 7 now down 12% in the last 6 months. Here's Micro Strategy. I picked six months because this is before the election. So, everybody went up from the election and now as the policies are put in place, Micro Strategy is up 66% while the Mag 7 are down 12th. So the the the company that has a moat on the moat of the new system which just kind of got its birth this week with the end of the old system the true birth. So the first white the white paper came out during the great financial crisis. You had a massive move in COVID when MMT became a thing during 2020 and now you have trade breaking down. So you had inflation, you had giving money to the banks to repair the banking system and do QE. And now you have the end of global trade. You can do your own math**[40:23]**global trade. You can do your own math on this. Bitcoin has been gathering steam and gathering more money around the globe each time that this goes on. And here's Micro Strategies performance year to date. So in a year where stocks are collapsing, how can this not be a big story when everyone is fading it? You made 350% the last two years owning Micro Strategy. the company that has a moat on the moat of the next system and it's up it's up 1.38%. Keep fading it at your own risk. And finally, how can this not be perfect? He put this out yesterday. Today's market reaction to tariffs is a reminder. Inflation is just a tip of the iceberg. Capital faces delution from taxes, regulation, competition, taxes, regulation, competition, obsolescence, and unforeseen events. Bitcoin offers resilience in a world full of hidden risks. Uh that's it for me this week. Uh good luck this week. Uh hopefully uh we made the low last week and closing low. Uh Monday could get sloppy again based on what we've seen. Uh but I have faith that we've built in enough for the economy in terms of where the recession is. Uh I do think uh there's unintended consequences that have shown up in the two days. And even though I don't think uh Donald Trump is going to turn uh away, I do think if he signs some deals, we can at least because we're more closely uh or even cheap relative to the economic and earnings realization. Uh if we can move things down and start doing some deals over the course of the next month, I think you can build the bottom here. And then by the time we get into the second half of the year, uh we'll see if we actually get any job losses. And if we don't, we can start to focus on tax cuts and the market will very very very quickly just like it did in CO start to build in where the economy will be in the first quarter of next year and not where the economy will be in the fourth the second quarter of this year. Uh that's it for me uh this week. Uh long one but a lot going on. Back.