---
title: "Rev Up the Printing Press: Liquidity Warnings Are Reaching Crisis Levels"
channel: "We’re seeing a sharp and broad-based drop in liquidity across asset classes, from Treasuries to credit markets. With Treasuries—the most important asset in the world—under pressure, the ripple effects are surfacing in stalled bond and loan deals as uncertainty keeps capital on the sidelines."
channel_slug: jordi-visser
video_id: FH4iI9M-cEE
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FH4iI9M-cEE
upload_date: 2025-04-20
duration: "41:32"
description: "This week’s video dives into the unintended consequences of the ongoing tariff war—and how they’re about to show up in the economic data."
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-03
---

# Rev Up the Printing Press: Liquidity Warnings Are Reaching Crisis Levels

**Channel:** We’re seeing a sharp and broad-based drop in liquidity across asset classes, from Treasuries to credit markets. With Treasuries—the most important asset in the world—under pressure, the ripple effects are surfacing in stalled bond and loan deals as uncertainty keeps capital on the sidelines.
**Date:** 2025-04-20
**Duration:** 41:32
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FH4iI9M-cEE

---

## Transcript

**[0:04]**um we've hit an inflection point in my opinion. Uh and from this point over the course of the next week or two, I think uh with where the market stands and as I go through this, the market is basically now reached a point where this is going to start to uh accelerate in terms of uh news on the news on the unintended consequences from the the tariff situation. So this whole video is about making sure that we pay attention to the fact that uh it's a levered Ponzi scheme and right now the deleveraging which is happening each week uh is starting to impact liquidity. It is starting to cause more pressure on the administration in terms of coming to a quicker decision uh whether it's the economy, whether it's the uh markets expectations of inflations from the tariffs. uh multiple points of the economy are starting to get weaker and so I want to go through that uh and just you know towards the sentiment has obviously continued to worsen but I had a lot of conversations this week and I think people are um getting too much into the where the economy is going to end up extrapolating the tariffs and we're still in a point where you have to put probabilities on whether the administration is going to be able to keep continuing with this or whether as I'm saying their pressure is building for an off-ramp. So, uh we'll go through this uh one by one. Uh for the week, S&amp;P was down one and a half% quiet week after the last two ones. So, things had kind of settled down. Same thing went for the bond market. Yields did come down after the historic rise last week. It was uh you know lower volatility uh and we came down 16 basis points. Same thing goes for the currency market. Dollar remains weak. Um but you know last week we had that historic fall in terms of uh treasuries uh I did this chart to just show that uh treasuries in euro terms. So if you're a European**[2:05]**euro terms. So if you're a European investor that invested in long-term treasuries uh you were down 10% in a week. You can see you know where that went. But uh this whole thing of dollar going lower with assets going lower the dollar has been a major part of this. So uh BFA came out with their fund manager survey. investors haven't been this bearish in 30 years. Uh here's basically uh their sentiment measure when they combine growth expectations, cash and equity allocations. Uh and Michael Hartrick just Hartnik basically said now contrarian trades are long US stocks, US dollar global cyclicals, short gold, bonds defensive. So, if this is where everyone is positioned, uh, we have to spend time on again what started last week and what I'll continue to say, uh, the administration and in particular Scott Besson who seems to have moved to the front seat of the car while Howard Lutnik and Peter Navaro have moved to the backseat of the car. Uh, Besson on Monday gave an interview in Buenazeris. If you haven't watched it, it's worth watching. I think every time he speaks now in long form, more than 10, 15 minutes, you want to pay attention to what he's saying. Uh but he basically said if we measure uncertainty by the VIX, I don't want to make market calls, but it seems the VIX has spike and likely peak. Well, that would be an indication again from the administration that the second derivative of policy uh has shifted and they've acknowledged that the unintended consequences of the market uh probably got away with them and the reason is because of the Treasury market. And so he did say in there uh in that interview that Treasury could increase buyback buybacks of off the run securities if needed stabilized markets. The reason this is important and it was reiterated this uh the next day uh about uh from the deputy secretary. This is just best and again it has a toolkit specifically if needed and then Michael Falender uh spoke again on Tuesday after that interview uh basically talking about how they are discussing the supplementary leverage**[4:06]**discussing the supplementary leverage ratios application. The reason this is important is because at the end of the day, if they do things to slow the economy, as I've said repeatedly, they're going to have to come in with some sort of liquidity. Once they start providing liquidity to the market, the market knows that this that they're going to try and do something where they're going to provide money to keep things stable. And I think you should realize that that is what has to happen with leverage and debt to GDP this high is that if you're going to do things that freeze the economy like it was in Lehman, like it was in COVID, like it was briefly during uh Silicon Valley Bank when deposits were leaving, they have to create liquidity facilities or come up with something. Everyone's focused on Fed rate cuts. That is totally irrelevant. We're at the point now where in my opinion uh the printing press is being revved up and that's why you have to pay attention to what Besson said. The reason the printing press has to be uh revved up is that money's leaving the system. So just like if it was uh money leaving a hedge fund that has quarterly uh quarterly liquidity, the market is seizing up as we speak. Um when the top end of the capital structure has no liquidity, you have to go through and look all if people want to sell something right now there is no liquidity. So Muhammad Alan put this out from the FT article. Liquidity worsens in the 29 trillion treasury market as volatility soarses. Analyst JP Morgan said market depth a measure of market's ability to absorge large trades without significant shifts in price had significantly worsens worsened this week. This is where we are. Um it's showing up in all parts of the market. If you need to move a lot of money and there's something going on, which is when people typically need. So if the US says they're breaking off conversations with China and 10 uh $10 billion comes to the market, there is no liquidity on the other side at this point. So having grown up in emerging markets, uh when the tide of liquidity goes out the door or if you're in a movie theater and someone screams fire, the door has gotten very close, very small right now for people to get out. So how important is the treasury market? It provides the**[6:06]**is the treasury market? It provides the benchmark risk-free yield curve for pricing risky assets. So if that's not there, then this is what happens. loan and bond markets sealed tight by the tariff. So you get to see the issuance in leverage loans. That was an FTE article. US leverage loan issuance drought is about to set a record. It did set a record. Longest run of having none. Um none. Um and junk bonds, one deal since April. There were two um two uh deals last week in terms of buyout deals. The banks got hung with the hung with the debt. Sometimes the music just stops. That's what's happening is liquidity is is falling off. Uh Torstston uh put out this uh just the gap between liquid and illquid bonds is particularly noteworthy. In 2020 the bid ass spread widen across the whole market but this time around transaction costs have increased materially more for off therun paper. You're basically this is in the IG market. Remember this is this was a historic situation and this is what's happening now. So, you're seeing this across the marketplace in the S&amp;P uh median S&amp;P stock bid as ASP spread has gone up to COVID levels. Uh Russell 3,000 3,000 liquidity and the repo overnight repo uh facility uh drain this week. We finally got down uh we've been doing QT. You've been having money leave. The demand for cash is getting higher and higher and it's getting harder and harder to find and swap spreads which had this shocking move uh last week have sat down there. So you haven't had the repair things have just calmed down in terms of the tariff week. Uh you know I'm not going to go through all these in details because it's just a constant uh back and forth. Uh they're clearly using great deals as a way to keep people from selling. As of right now, it's working. Uh but now and now it's becoming, okay, show us a deal. We're getting sick of words. And I think that's where the market was uh on Friday. Uh you would**[8:08]**market was uh on Friday. Uh you would think that going ahead of a 3-day weekend where this was kind of thrown out there that people the market would rally on fears uh that there'd be positive news. This was a massive trend that went on during the great financial crisis as people thought there'd be a bank bailout every single weekend and positive news and new stimulus measures. So the market would trade up into Friday and then sell back off on Monday and Tuesday. We didn't get the rally on on Friday. Uh we are significantly still off the lows, but uh it was a little surprising and I just show it just shows the fact that buyers uh are not even coming to cover shorts at this point. Uh which we have a lot of shorts out in the marketplace. Uh just in terms of if you didn't see this uh on China's uh white paper, I just think it's important to to recognize that I I do think that there's a high probability uh of an off-ramp uh that is going to happen and I think they'll find a way to get something done. But uh it's it's kind of in China's hands at this point uh as to when it is and whether they want to extract more pain because I think the short-term pain right now uh of the US market is starting to show up. It is showing up in China too as I go through this. But I think if they wanted to take this to the very end, they're going to have to come up with some hope in the marketplace and a pause because each day that the tariffs at the level they are, it's starting to put businesses out in both parts of the world. Uh yeah, doing just uh the repercussions of the strategy are going to take months to come through. And that's really what it is. If these tariffs stay at these levels, as I go through the details, you're already seeing the trade situation uh spiral. And so you will start to get some job losses. I think that's going to show up. Uh and that'll start to freak people out. The inflation side, too. Charles Gasparino and people that I think would, you know, are are heavily in the in the camp of Trump, you're getting more and more pressure, more and more them saying um that the the way they're handling this is just wrong. And I think that's**[10:09]**this is just wrong. And I think that's become the common belief is people that were very much in favor of redoing trade have become more negative on the whole situation and you're starting to get pressure on all sides. Uh one thing that was evident to me I went to two breakfasts two dinners uh this week and the sentiment from macro people is just outrageously bearish at this point. Um, and I just wanted to highlight this was this week's podcast uh just from this week that I I listened to and you can see I mean it's it's basically a uh end of the monetary system, death of the US. Everything is about kind of this whole thing of looking at the globe and deciding that the end is here. And I just want to remind everyone that this is exactly what the the administration planned to do. they told they were going to do. Stephen Mirren um here who was interviewed in Bloomberg television is the architect of this entire thing. And if you forgot, here is uh an excerpt from his paper from November. And if you basically go through it, um sweeping tariffs from strong dollar policy can have some of the broadest ramifications of any policy change in decades, reshaping the global and trade and financial system. So when you go back to those podcasts and you listen to them, this is what was intended. Um the intended part was to redo trade because it was unfair. So to say death of US exceptionalism, this is going to lead to massive outflows that'll continue over the course of the next 5 years. Do I think the dollar is going to continue to weaken? Yes. Uh do I think stocks in the US are going to underperform Europe continuously for five years? No. Uh and I don't think this is the end of US exceptionalism. I do think that this was a mispositioning relative to the extreme nature of what they said they were going to do. Um this one is either there's a path by which these policies can be implemented without material adverse consequences but it is narrow and will**[12:09]**consequences but it is narrow and will require cur currency offset for tariffs. So there is a currency offset. The reason that's important um with the dollar going dollar going down we might have a uh you know adverse consequences. The question is, are they going to let them become material, or are they going to let GDP come down by a percent or two for the year, frontloading it to where it's going to be down 3 or 4% uh in Q2 because we're going to have significant draw down. I'd be shocked if we didn't have a negative GDP print in Q2 because things are frozen. But people are still spending money. You're not seeing it show up. There haven't been job losses yet. So, as of right now, they have the ability to walk stuff back. What I was saying at the beginning is the pressure to me is growing as I go through this. Um dollar's persistently overvalued. We're taking care of that. You haven't had a significant move in the yuan. So the dollar is weakening. It's not weakening versus the yuan, but the yuan's also not weakening uh and they're not letting it weaken at this point, which I would say is a positive uh in terms of, you know, adding more adding more pressure. Uh everything that was said in here has been done. I do want to just highlight that uh Steven Mirren is not making the final decisions and just listening I hate listening to economists uh and people that yeah I think I think that I think these are just highlights from that interview uh threequarters of jobs created you know sort of government expenditures that's a bunch of BS every time I hear this on the all-in podcast and everything uh it's not government expenditures that have people in this country uh you know 70% % of them uh either pre-diabetic or o or or obese. Uh we need more nurses. We need more health care jobs. And yes, they are subsidized by the government, but uh that's the way the country is. So to include that in there and say that we're going to get through this, that is both a positive for why we're not going to see the job losses that we have in the past because they are still going to be creating quote unquote government jobs because the Medicare Medicaid is not going away uh to help pay for those. but they**[14:11]**uh to help pay for those. but they include it in there and I don't think there will be uh there's going to be material short-term pain. This was not sold to Donald Trump in my opinion that we'd be headed towards a recession that the Treasury market would freeze up at as Brad Gersonner said we still have to finance our national debt. We have $10 trillion of treasuries to sell this year and 35% of them are owned by foreign government. So we are still at the point where we could have a failed auction. um they've taken it to that level and I think that needs to be kind of brought in. So what's going on in the US Treasury market and why does it matter? Well, first of all, this has been going on literally since uh Donald Trump, you started to get the acceleration and I want to make sure people realize Trump takes over. Uh this is China's uh gold holdings and this is their treasury holdings. So they've been reducing their treasuries for quite some time now and they've been increasing gold not just because of Donald Trump. Remember this is coming out of his first term. This is preparation to some degree for Trump taking over once it became evident. But also once the US in here decided to weaponize the dollar, the reserve currency status which started with sanctions over Russia, China decided to do what any smart business would do. If you're going to freeze our assets, uh we're going to move as much as we can away from the US. So this has been going on. The pressure has been growing. But there's also another side which is the fiscal and debt side of the US has Moody's the last one not to move it from from AAA rating. Uh we're getting close and I I Moody's is going to downgrade the US maybe this year. Um and part of the issue is because in the US uh since the pandemic, this is just an interesting chart uh that was in the I think it was the IMF uh just yeah no this is the OECD in terms of the global debt report. Uh this just shows how much these are the countries over here largest larger increase in terms of how much became short-term bills. So we've**[16:13]**much became short-term bills. So we've talked about how the US has to borrow in the short term. That is the issue that comes up. So Besson said he didn't want to come to the market and hit the market on the long end with restructuring. Uh he wanted to get the deficit in check. All these master plans, they wanted to have a slowdown in the economy, move the rates lower, and then they could go out and sell 10-year debts uh when yields were in a better position. Well, now you've got yields at the top end of the range, and we have no liquidity left, and the US still has to finance itself with short-term bills, which means rolling them over. So, the situation um in terms of the tariffs and what's happened, there's no way now that they can sell 10-year bonds. There was some talk this week that in the White House the chatter around super bonds is starting to go up as part of the negotiations. I would not be surprised. But in the end, this all ends up being printing. This all figures out some way to deal with a situation that you cannot unwind debt to GDP. And that's why if you want to go read something for everyone who, you know, I've heard I heard an argument this week at a dinner about how we really got out of the debt from World War II, I think people need to go read the International Monetary Forum. It's amazing how many people are quoting history in terms of getting out of debt at a time when we are still printing money. The same people never bring up Bitcoin. They never bring up AI except for bubbles. So, there is an endgame here. My endgame as a macro person is completely different. and it's related to technology, the democratization of AI, uh, and eventually getting to Bitcoin, uh, to deal with productivity. This is the way that people think, which is we have to have a reset or a somewhat of a global recession or a global depression. The problem is we don't have that opportunity. So, just to make sure the numbers are there because we focus too much on the death of US exceptionalism, debt to GDP in the US is 120%. Uh, in terms of public debt, it's above 100% in France. It's above 100% in the UK. It's above 100% in Spain. Who knows where China's is overall, but it's above 100% when you add in everything. The problem is with over hundred trillion dollars of total sovereign and corporate debt worldwide. This is in the Glo OECD**[18:14]**worldwide. This is in the Glo OECD global debt report. 40% of it matures by 2027. So, I've talked about an auction failed auction being worse. This is a global problem and it shows up in global yields. So, we focused on US yields moving higher. The white line here is JGB 30-year yields, higher than at any point since 2003 and just continuing to move. Um, you've got UK uh in here. That's where this one is. They're the highest in over 25 years. The US is in here as well. You've got Germany. You've got France. everyone's yields have moved higher and they've been moving higher for quite some time postcoid because of the debt that we've taken on the balance sheet. So the global uh trade restructuring, it's not a US death. It's everyone in the exact same game. And so to sit there and use the headline of that is there a repatriation internationalism. Yes. And that is the point of what getting rid of the reserve currency in the state. It is of taking the negative side of it is we're we want to reduce the trade side. We want to change everything. And so this is a global situation. And I only bring that up because everyone has to come to the table. It's been too focused on from the US perspective as as the problem. This is a global problem that needs to be dealt with and it was going to be dealt with either in this way or is going to be dealt with with Treasury market failures, bond auction failures which would spread around the globe and the pressure would start to intensify because rates are already moving higher. So something needs to be done and I think a rebalancing with some kind of agreement will give people time. But in the end, the only way to deal with this is to continue to print money. Uh because you're that's what democracies end up doing is if you don't do it, then we'll vote in someone that's going to help the people. Uh Jerome Powell, I don't need to go through this whole thing, but people want him want him to cut rates. Uh I just don't think it matters whether he wants to do it or not. But obviously, this was a big thing for the market in terms of hearing it. uh he did mention that uh on tariffs the**[20:16]**uh he did mention that uh on tariffs the current tariffs under consideration which again are the China ones are larger than Smoot Holly tariffs and these are fundamental changes so everyone's trying to adjust to what's going on. Uh Trump of course was angry and basically started saying he wants to get rid of them and too late Jerome Pal and so now you have uh a Treasury market which already has no liquidity and now you have threats about firing the central bank president. Again this is emerging market stuff. This is 100% what I used to see in my days in emerging market. Uh Bessant is privately urging caution and trying to be in there and just saying how bad it would be uh at a time when we don't have the opportunity. So demanding that rates get lower and it becomes the blame game at this point in terms of what's happening. Uh I just think the pressure is growing and this is where this week uh at the end of the week or at the uh end of last week uh White House National Economic Council Director Kevin Hasset dismissed the idea of a recession looming this year. Uh this is where the pressure is starting to come. So I've said before they can't have a recession with a fiscal problem this big. And the reason is Torson Sllock went through this. Uh so everyone who's like well the he's going to do this intentionally to get us into a recession and then have this you know grand plan to come out of it. The problem is and this is what he brings up the negative impact of a budget deficit during a recession far outweighs two percentage point decline in rates which was kind of the game that they thought they wanted which is let's lower rates. I hear this on the All-In podcast too. And then we can refinance our debt, which is just insane um in terms of long-term rates because most of the debt we have is short-term rates. And if the Fed's not cutting, it doesn't really matter. But this is on average how much you lose in terms of your receipts, particularly when 25% of revenues coming in the door are related to the stock market, uh is 1.3 trillion.**[22:18]**to the stock market, uh is 1.3 trillion. So, okay, let's lower rates to refinance, but then we go through it. cannot get out of this problem with a recession when the deficit is this big. But that's what we're starting to get to. So here is the uh manufacturing data started to come out this week. This will all highlight just what's happening on the trade and the manufacturing side. Uh this was from the empire. Uh this is the new orders side looking out six months. So we had seen you know improvements going in after the election expectations and now we've gone down to levels uh of the great financial crisis. Philly Fed showed the same thing between the Philly Fed and manufacturing. It's your first look uh for the month on the data of what's happening this month. So it actually came in at a minus 26.4 versus estimates of 2.2. So a massive drop off from of 38 points 39 points. Earnings revisions for com for S&amp;P 500 firms uh continue to move sharply lower. sharply lower. Again very uh similar point to the shutdown of the economy on a global basis. These are global um revisions which uh are continuing to go lower. So this is a weekly number and we had a massive move lower at the beginning of April. It's continuing. This is usually associated very closely with the manufacturing side within the market. Um, you know, the S&amp;P is has bounced off the lows and is back up here, but we got the what I use as the benchmark for when the economy has actually hit a level that um is fine. The alarming part should be for people that the reason I brought this up is we made new lows in the equal weight consumer discretionary versus consumer staples. Uh, so the economy, the way they're discounting it from the consumer, continues to collapse. Last time we saw anything like this, we saw this bounce here in 22. We saw this come down and make new lows and eventually the S&amp;P followed. If this doesn't turn back higher, which is only going to happen if we get any kind of significant**[24:20]**happen if we get any kind of significant improvement in uh in tariff or liquidity comes and changes the picture here. If not, the S&amp;P is going to go retest the lows uh shortly uh just because the economy is freezing and there's been no response yet. So, in terms of the economy and how quickly it's freezing up, Ryan Peterson should be on your must uh actually the two people I'll do, Craig Fuller and Ryan Peterson should be on your must uh watch thing. Anthony Pompiano and I talked both talked about them this week as the two people and that's because trade has become the most important thing. uh which means shipping has and Ryan Peterson runs I believe it's flexport uh but he will tweet and goes through it. So thousands and millions of American small businesses including my account will go bankrupt this year if they don't change. He goes through that was a he's got a long thread. You've got small businesses now reaching out and threatening uh to or suing Trump over the tariff authority. This is the pressure part of things. Uh we're trying to help small businesses across the country and Walmart as always. What happens always. What happens is Walmart will just keep their prices at the level they were. They will take losses for as long as this goes on. Small businesses won't have the same opportunity. So Trump's master plan of helping small businesses becomes an issue because the bigger places that have access to capital uh and can stockpile stuff. They will just keep their prices down. As small businesses go out of business, Walmart will buy up the inventory from them. uh you just this is not the way to handle things in terms of trying to help out uh smaller businesses. So this is where one of the issues is and this is the part of the thread just to highlight from Ryan Peterson. In the week since tariffs hit ocean freight bookings from China are down 50% across the the industry. Um he goes through goes through and says that's about a trillion dollars of economic activity because of the leverage on this. Meaning there's about 460 to550 billion of Chinese goods. Those Chinese goods come in at uh**[26:22]**Those Chinese goods come in at uh wholesale prices then they get sold at three times that. That's where his you know trillion dollars of activity is is is wiped out. Um his point is there's leverage in where we get things from China as imports and then what we sell them out here. The transaction costs on that are much higher. Um Craig Fuller, another person on the trucking and shipping side. Many truckers I spoke don't realize how quickly container volumes have collapsed. Uh you're talking about stuff that only compares to CO. Um and you know there's no other way around it. you're going to see a significant uh drop off and already Mac trucks announced layoffs uh in Lehi. So, you're going to start seeing the repercussions in terms of layoffs. And this is the main point that I've said to people and I I really went through it uh at a breakfast. So, historically, when we've gotten up to 50, we did get up to 50 on the VIX. This is a monthly chart. So, now that we've come back down here, this is where it is. But, uh this is overlaid with the weekly jobless claims. And what I said um and what I'll repeat, you know, saying there are no such things as recessions anymore since this period. Uh the economy's changed, the job situation has changed. Every single time we get recession fears, 22, whatever, it's been the jobless claims that have stayed stable that just don't show anything. They've been at the same level here. And remember, this is weekly jobless claims. The US population from this point to here has increased and it's clearly increased since here and here. We just the these numbers relative to the size of the economy are minuscule and that's why there there's no such thing when nurses are not losing their job because of this. Uh will some truckers lose their jobs? Yes. Will 250 people will they be able to go out and get a job if they want one? Probably. Um the gig economy allows for people to do that. They can't make as much money, but if you can go get another job at Uber tomorrow, you technically have a job. And that's the ability for people to go get jobs. They can't make everything what they were making. It does lead to wage cuts. It does lead to softer**[28:23]**wage cuts. It does lead to softer employment. I've shown that the economy has seen much softer employment for the last two years since 2022. And that is because the higher rates have hurt smaller businesses. We've seen that with small caps. Now you've got tariffs which again are going to hurt small businesses and lead to more people being forced into this gig into this gig economy/conultant type work which is where 50% of the people in the country are. So you have a completely different makeup of the economy, but as long as transactions are happening, you won't see this go higher. The problem is if you freeze it, just like what happened here, you will start to see it inch up. Imports are only 15% of the global economy. So this is not going to freeze the entire thing. But people, if the government's looking and wants to see no job losses, they're going to start seeing some rise in weekly claims every uh week that this continues, I think it will go higher. Here are the claims relative to 2's 10 yield curve. You have the yield curve now steepening which historically has meant we're heading into a recession just like you did in ' 07. We ended up in a recession 2000 recession in here. 90 we were um in one and already in here. So it's highly likely we're in some sort of a soft recession right now. The question is will they let the jobless claims go higher and become a harder one. Housing market is now forecast to be down by Zillow. This is a dramatic shift from where it was. We've been seeing the housing market soften, but it was localized to parts of the economy that probably had the biggest bubble. Well, now as people are worrying about their jobs, you're going to start to see the housing market become more of a story as well. Um, the bigger pressure to me is going to come from inflation. Uh, everyone has this debate. You're clearly seeing deflation right now terms of the stock market. Uh, but this was a great uh thread or or you know, attend here. Parts of the economy are in a sudden stop. Uh this is what we just went through. Trump has proudly broadcasted the low February and March inflation prints. And today he complained pal was not cutting rates arguing oil and grocery prices are going**[30:26]**grocery prices are going down. Inflation is what kills politicians. Here is where we have now the fixing run, which basically means the market expectations of where the CPI report release will be for April. So 35 basis points 0.35. So let's say you could give a point4 print hanging around a point4 print here and then in June 0.5. So I highlighted these because this is the thing that kills. This would be an annualized rate of 6%. If these come in in at 35.35 at 35.35 and.5 you're dealing with approximately at this point something that will be close to 526% in terms of an annualized number. And even though they have the forecast coming down, we don't this is not going to be the focus of the market. The market will focus as they have. So the pressure would grow on the inflation side as well. And we already have him losing on pretty much all of now, and this is again the most accurate pollster in 2020 and 2024. You're getting to the point now where on every issue pretty much across the board, uh it's worsening from where it was. And that's kind of the issue as to where going. You have to imagine that immigration has even worsened and this had been a an improving thing in in March. So on the approval side, he's losing things at this point, which means the midterms become a bigger issue. So the economy and the pressure is growing. And that's why as people extrapolate and as you hear all these macro people talk about there's a guaranteed recession, this is what's going to happen. This is what's going to happen. We are at the pressure point now and this is when the administration has to do something. Acid volatility. So I created a new thing the white line here which takes into account fixed income V currency V and equity V as one component um which I think is going to become important and the reason is because the only thing that hasn't moved yet is junk spreads. I mentioned that the market's completely frozen. One of the reasons that junk spreads haven't risen is they can't sell them and they learned in co if you sell them then**[32:26]**learned in co if you sell them then you're not going to be able to buy them back. Uh so just like it is with labor where they don't want to fire people because it's hard to hire them back. the junk market's there, but you're going to start to see this filter through every week in my opinion. The only question is whether it be small amounts or big amounts. That'll get people more bearish. The issue is we've already seen a second derivative change in policy. We've already seen a second derivative change in terms of how do we deal with the bond market. Uh they're trying to find ways there's talk about them putting together a task force to deal uh with the next couple weeks in terms of the trade side in the event that they can't come to a deal. The main point is for everyone out there, uh, the the the the upside is capped, uh, without trade deals, but at the same point, you're going to have him try to announce things to get people optimistic, but the economy and the pressure from the liquidity in the market is growing every day. Uh, one final thing on this, again, I want to focus on things one year out because even if we do go lower, I don't think they can. I know they can't handle a recession. So, there will be a deal that gets done. The question is, will the deal get done with the S&amp;P at 5,500, 5,300, 5200, 4,000? Um, I still want to be buying dips as opposed to selling rallies, but I want to be buying dips below 5200, closer to 5,000. And I that's where I think investors uh who are looking to put money to work should be looking to do it. terms of the homework that comes in. Uh again, the AI side, this was a big thing. Didn't get a lot of press, but Google came out and said they're still doing their $75 billion uh this year in AI. Uh Nvidia bringing uh stuff back to America. Obviously, they were down this week on the back of the $5.5 billion release in terms of the terms of the H200s and not being able to do things in China. Uh again all this trade stuff is temporary stuff. I just want to focus on the structural side. Uh Eric Schmidt uh who I always mention on on this uh spoke**[34:29]**who I always mention on on this uh spoke predicts AI sprint towards super intelligence could put smartest human in every pocket in six years. I want to remind people this because this is where productivity boom happens uh dramatically and that's what's going to happen uh unless we go into a depression. You're gonna have the AI accelerate no matter what. Uh, AI has grown beyond human knowledge, says Google's deep mind Google's deep mind unit. A new agentic approach called streams. We'll let AI models learn from the experience of the environment without human prejudgment. Uh, I listened to a podcast with the man with the um I forget his name who spoke about this from Google Deep Mind. It was amazing to listen to just in terms of we've left the LLM side of basically consuming us or human knowledge and now we're getting into the environmental side or the experiential side where it learns from what it's seeing and what it's feeling and that's exactly what is being said here. So the full self-driving self-driving uh just cameras and the Tesla chip. So it's learning now through cameras as opposed to sensors. So as opposed to just seeing that a tree is there and knowing that it needs to avoid it, uh it's actually learning and this is an important step in terms of the inference and reasoning side and the ability to take this to the next level for humanoids. Uh one negative and this again is you know in the case of if we want to compete with China uh actuators the muscles of the muscles of humanoids you can't get them. The Chinese are the only place in the world right now that makes them. So, you're going to have to go backwards in the competition for humanoids, which is not just for, you know, making stuff in your home, but it's also for actually for military and things along those lines. So, uh we've run to a point where you're going to, you know, hurt yourself uh from the trade situation in terms of competing with China, which is another reason why the pressure is just growing. uh at the end of the day and Jack Mers who's you know a a famous uh person on the Bitcoin side**[36:33]**a a famous uh person on the Bitcoin side at the end of the day no matter what anyone tells you their only solution is to print money I could not agree more uh they have to do that and that's already happening so here is the global liquidity uh people are not focused on it it's ripping higher not just because the dollar is weakening since this is a dollar chart but it's also going up because China's adding liquidity Europe's adding liquidity they're going to build out defense the US is now going to have to add liquidity to the system. And Bitcoin has held up extremely well during this period. Uh I've talked about my favorite trade for the year, but I want to just highlight I tweeted this this week. This is critical for people looking to what they have to invest in next. Uh this is Bitcoin relative to the Mag 7. I've said repeatedly that once Bitcoin starts to become the only innovation that has a moat and the Mag 7 now realize they no longer have a moat in terms of AI which I thought would disrupt this business but the trade situation where 50% of their revenues come from overseas where people are reducing their ownership in US assets. The Mag 7 are at the they're they're no longer going to have a multiple that is high and I thought their multiple was too high relative to the reality of their their growth. We knew they were spending lots of money, but this chart just shows that over the last three times that the S&amp;P had a correction of at least 20%. So in 2018, S&amp;P goes down, which is the yellow line, uh, MA Bitcoin versus the MAG 7 underperforms by 46%. Back here, down by 30%. Down here, 2022, again, 40 uh 40 plus% decline in Bitcoin relative to the MAG 7. Here we get a 20% decline in the S&amp;P and Bitcoin versus the MAG7 since that day is up 13%. So if you're a long Bitcoin, short the Mag 7. All of those themes about what does Bitcoin do? What do they do? They are not exposed to the global situation. I will keep saying it. Go spend the week necessary to learn more about history on monetary debasement and what actually happens. And don't believe it has to end**[38:34]**happens. And don't believe it has to end with the depression. We have a printing press, but more importantly, we're entering a world of artificial intelligence. We have never seen this before where the machines where people don't need to work. This is a completely different situation than the history book. So, all the history people, all the people I've been at dinners with that have regurgitated that this happens and always happens and this is what has to happen. This is not the same time. This is when the digital economy takes over for the physical economy and they merge together. Volatility on the two of the assets. So people were worried about Bitcoin volatility. So far this year uh last 60 days 47 V for the mag 7 53 V for Bitcoin used to be different in the past but this is not an asset like it was in the past. Stable coins uh the network effects for Bitcoin. I've talked about this uh much bigger picture. I don't feel most people understand this. Fed pal reassert support for stable coin legislation. I just want to repeat that. So, Donald Trump and and Jerome Pal agree on stable coin legislation. Everyone needs to go read about what stable coins are and make sure they understand it. Italy's finance minister warns US stable coins pose bigger threat than bigger threat than tariffs. These are massive statements. People need to go spend the time on it. Stable coin growth could drive 400 billion a year into T bills. They are already one of the large top 20 largest owners of treasuries and it will continue to grow. And as I've said repeatedly, we will end this podcast, this uh this report here. Governments, central banks, and the wealthy people of the world are talking about how the world should end without any regard to what the 7 billion people on the planet who are going to benefit from the democratization of AI, which lets the entrepreneurs go up, but also gives the ability with stable coins to transact at lower costs. It opens up the banking system to those seven billion who can't get into a bank. They get to participate in the global capital system and they only want to make**[40:34]**system and they only want to make thousands of dollars, not millions of dollars. And when they make that money, those 7 billion people are in countries where they trust the US dollar more than the rest of the world in terms of the currencies. So the stable coin, that's why dollar stable coins, it's 99% US dollars and that's why Italy said stable coins posed a bigger risk. people around the globe, not the governments, not the the the 1%, they might sit there and be scared of moving their money to gold, but around the world where people are going to participate. Stable coin leads to more people participating. It leads to more democratization of entrepreneurship and it will lead to more money going into the digital economy which benefits both the US dollar and it benefits Bitcoin. So for the death of US exceptionalism, stable coins are going through the US administration at the same time that tariffs are going. This is a big switch towards a digital economy. It's time for everyone to do their homework on Bitcoin. That's it for this week.