---
title: "The AGI Race: The Defining Macro Force of Our Time is Here"
channel: "Jordi Visser"
channel_slug: jordi-visser
video_id: IDp_SOhpdfU
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDp_SOhpdfU
upload_date: 2025-08-03
duration: "39:06"
description: "The AGI Race: The Defining Macro Force of Our Time is Here dives into the profound market and geopolitical shifts being driven by the exponential rise of artificial intelligence. Kicking off with a discussion of the recent stock market pullback, the video unpacks the mounting macroeconomic pressures"
view_count: 13211
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-03
---

# The AGI Race: The Defining Macro Force of Our Time is Here

**Channel:** Jordi Visser
**Date:** 2025-08-03
**Duration:** 39:06
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDp_SOhpdfU

---

## Transcript

**[0:02]**week and finally we get some uh weakness. Uh August starts off with a pullback, some bad economic data, tariffs continue, earnings were strong. Still a lot of stuff going on. Let's just get right to it. All right. Well, so the S&amp;P was up three months in a row. Uh so we were due for a pullback. Uh should not be surprising at the same point that we saw the S&amp;P pullback after three straight up months. Uh I continue to say that the trade for people getting focused on at this point non-equities especially on the rate side. Uh this has just been a death trade now for really the better part of the last three years or two and a half at this point or almost three. uh you're just getting back and forths on tenure rates while we sit around this, you know, four and a quarter area. Uh I'm sure that'll change at some point, but I just don't think uh it's the trade. Uh the dollar saw a huge move in July and uh you know, we've reversed a little bit uh on Friday on the back of the weaker data, but for the most part, the dollar still looks like it's in a uh a counter trend move at this point. uh until we get more confirmation that the Fed may cut rates uh and that the economy is okay. Uh I posted this on uh on Tuesday. Uh I keep a this white line here is what I call a spec basket. This basically contains all the areas of the market that I do not think are uh are ready for prime time yet. things like quantum uh it's all the the high beta names that are with inside these areas and it really fits in with retail which has had a dominant part. So this is not something in the past that I would have focused on but because retail's had such a big part of the turns uh I think**[2:02]**a big part of the turns uh I think following the spec basket actually matters a lot. It definitely does for crypto as well. So you can see it led the move lower here and I posted this because we had this is the NASDAQ. We had been above the 20 moving average for I think the longest time since the 1980s. Uh so we were due for a pullback. We were due for the NDX to get under 20day. So I posted this on Tuesday basically saying we were seeing the spec names already leading. I think that's what people should be looking at uh whenever we've had these kind of big moves. And on the dollar uh Goldman posted this. I mean the dollar overall dollar is going to weaken trend which I'm part of that camp too. But uh currencies weaken and strengthen especially when it comes to the dollar. This is a long-term view to me. Uh this is not a short-term thing. In fact, a lot of it from my perspective has to do with the democratization of AI and not what everyone else is seeing. The democratization of AI should allow other countries to benefit. But I also believe that we're entering the hardware side. So, uh the dollar when people get caught into the US is going to default or anything along those lines uh with rates moving higher. I just don't see it as as uh as something to focus on. In terms of a level for the S&amp;P, we did break the 20-day here. You can see in the S&amp;P, we also had been above it all this time period. And then we had gotten below here, but closed back above it. We broke it. Uh I think we needs to do some do some work here between the 50-day, which is also the prior highs around the 6130 area and 6,400. Uh I think that makes sense. Uh I still think the market is going to end up trading higher into the end of the year. Uh but I think for the time being, especially for the next few weeks, which are seasonally bad, but also because we've had such a long run, people need to remember that uh we need to consolidate things. I don't think this is turning into something uh negative. But there were reasons that people were worried on Friday. This is the uh two-month revision chart. So minus 258,000.**[4:03]**So minus 258,000. This is going back 12 years. That's how much data we have. Uh only one time basically in the worst of COVID when we were losing when a millions of people were being laid off. We haven't seen anything like this. So the revision was massively negative down 258. That started the point of getting people negative. We had the PMI which I'm focused on obviously for the second half of the year uh came in below the lowest estimate. Uh so we had a miss on the PMI. Then we also had house prices down month over month for the third month in a row. Uh and then finally Friday brought back tariffs. So everyone started to combine everything together. We end up getting uh a sell-off. Uh when you go through the payroll numbers, I think it's important because uh there's clearly a story going on here and I' I've shown this before, but these are the monthly totals uh going back to April of 24. And what you can see is now with those revisions, the last three months are basically at just over 100,000. So somewhere around 30,000 uh a month, 35,000 a month. And then you can see how far it's dropped off really since the inauguration. So we had already moved down to the hundreds. Uh you had been higher than that, especially leading into the election. Uh but you had these kind of negative numbers. And what I really want to highlight is what I've said before. uh if you basically take this line out which again is all health care services. It says education and health care but really over we've seen the education side actually go negative. Uh this is all health care services. So without health care services we'd already be at negative jobs right now. Um just important to keep in mind because we do have a weak jobs market. There's no way around it. This is the jobs market X two parts uh the healthcare and education services but also the leisure which think of as travel. Um it's this a five-month average. So we've had negative 13,000. You got to go all the way back to the recession periods to**[6:06]**way back to the recession periods to find anything this way. So underneath the hood when you strip out health care and education you have an economy which is just not that strong from a jobs perspective. This is the diffusion index which takes another way of looking at it. This is the 3month diffusion index which is posted backtoback months now under 50. Uh again that means less than 50% of the industries uh in the US are creating positive jobs. Historically that's been a recession time. That being said uh when you look at the aggregate so everyone focused on the payroll numbers which again you're going to have two things that are happening. one is AI, the other one is that immigration uh has been reversed and so the population growth is not there and we have a labor shortage. So with the demographics, you're going to have more people rolling off every single month which is going to take down the payroll numbers. So I expected, as I've talked about for really the last few months, less than 100,000 for the second half of the year, probably closer to 50,000. We're below that right now. I do think we'll see a little bit of a bump uh from some of the PMI areas, but we still have the issue with no hiring. So what this is is the aggregate. I've shown this before. The aggregate number was actually very good. So when you look at the last three months, you got one little negative, you got positive. But remember this takes into account not just the number of people hired. But if you if you're not hiring as many people and you're putting more hours on and you're paying them more money, then you end up with an aggregate number that's still okay. And when you look at the three-month average for the aggregate, it's still completely fine. So, the jobs picture is about not hiring people. Um, the claims shows the exact same thing. We had a runup in claims. I showed this. I showed all the kind of warning notices, stuff that were up here. But since June, everything's come back down. Um, and the claims data is basically sitting near the lows. So, this is about a problem not with firing people, it's a problem with hiring people. In terms of the tariffs, you get these stories and I just want to emphasize this point as to when people see these stories. Ford warns a profit**[8:06]**see these stories. Ford warns a profit with two billion tariff two billion dollar tariff sounds like a big number. Whirlpool stock tumbles. The combined market cap of these two companies Whirlpool and Ford old economy things related to housing and related to autos which historically drove the economy and certainly drove the PMI which every single economist puts a lot of stock in. This is an AI trade. This is not about these companies. The total market cap of these combined is about 50 trillion. I bring that up because here are the earnings uh or the revenue numbers for Amazon, Alphabet, Apple, Meta, Microsoft. You see down here we've got 81 billion versus an expected 79. If you take the differential of all three of all five, those companies beat estimates by $18 billion by $18 billion uh about a bigger than a third of the market cap of those two stocks. Those stocks don't matter um for the S&amp;P 500. these companies do. And that's why when Meta and Microsoft beat two multi-trillion dollar companies moving 400 billion after hours, both companies beating revenue by three billion or more, the analysts thought they understood how fast this world was moving. But Meta Microsoft basically told the world that we have no clue and about how serious the shift to AI in this new economy is. And I will continue to say it. The only thing that matters on the macro side is artificial intelligence. And in particular, you have to look at this stage at the earnings side. We had the buildout which was all about Nvidian compute. Now we're getting into two new components. The buildout for energy and the acceleration on the data center because of the re-industrialization, re-industrialization, but also the adoption side. As more and more companies use AI, you start to see these companies beat because there was still more demand than we have supply for the moment in the massive cloud computing segment. That was from Amazon. We continue to see exceptionally strong demand from enterprise for cloud and AI services and demand is ahead of our available supply in several key regions. We are accelerating our data center and**[10:07]**We are accelerating our data center and build down and GPA procurement to meet the supply. the supply. Constraints on high-end AI infrastructure expected to persist in the next several quarters that was from Microsoft. And then Sundar Pachchai AI related demand for cloud infrastructure continues to outstrip supply. Basically, no matter how many times you're going to look at this, the adoption phase is happening at the company level. As they use more AI, they need more cloud. As we have more AI agents, the numbers go up exponentially. This is what's coming. So these numbers on the adoption side are going to lead to more revenues for these guys. At the same time, more profit margins for those companies because they need less hiring. The buildout's coming. You can just go through this from the economic basis. This is why companies like Ford and Whirlpool have nothing to do with the US economy in terms of growth. They matter for some jobs. They matter for the housing market. Things that are not part of the digital world. And this is why people have to make the transition. In terms of one of the statements from Microsoft there, we have 368 billion of contracted backlog we need to deliver not just across Azure but across the breath of the Microsoft cloud. 368 billion of contracted backlog. You're going to see a lot of backlog from me in terms of this uh uh this presentation today. Uh remember Microsoft Cowan came out and said put all these data center fears. uh Andrew Ross sarking but oh yeah I'm good for my 80 billion that says he's now good for 120 billion basically all the hyperscalers in some way took up their their their dollar spend uh American electric power boost this a utility you have to spend time on this company utilities are not going to trade like utilities these are not boring companies they are saying setting long-term contracts they are bidding from pricing power AAP boost fullear outlook as data center boom fuels operating earnings**[12:07]**unprecedented loan growth. They reported an expected 24 gawatts of new customer load by 2030. Most of it backed by signed customer financial commitments that insulate AOP and our customers from salesdriven earnings volatility. Again, energy companies, I don't care if it's utility, they've been cyclical in the past. There's no recession coming up from AI. This is a substantial jump from 21 gig forecasted earlier in the year. So, you've got a 15% increase on their numbers on that commercial load driven by growth in energy intensive subsectors. subsectors. AAP is raising its five-year capital investment plan. They don't get included in this stuff. 70 billion from 54 billion prior, citing data centers and AI backlo AI infrastructure. And again, record backlog of requests. The company has over has over 190 gigawatts of addent of additional load requests currently under study 190 gawatt. It's massive. Verdive reported they've been one of the darlings in this uh another earnings report. Unprecedented data send growth uh tethered to the hyperscalers driven by AI buildouts. company reported record backlog and a raised booktoill ratios signaling persistent and growing AI center demand fueling future results. Schneider Electric data center market seen as exceptionally strong on the call executives acknowledged that the pan center clients is at times outstripping Schneider's current supply capacity especially for highdensity modular and liquid cooling systems accelerating investments uh capacity. They're hoping to catch up with orders. It's not just in North America, it's in Asia. We are seeing underlying demand for our data center solutions grow faster than any time in our history. Customer requirements for power and cooling, particularly driven by AR, challenging the industry's ability to deliver capacity quickly. A record backlog and a historic order book. Again, these are different companies. They're in different parts of it. Here's another one. This is Celestica emphasizes expanding portfolio**[14:09]**expanding portfolio especially networking servers robust demand from leading technology companies uh major long-term secular you can see the things are involved in here in terms of power management systems this is a network company then you got Hubble uh again another industrial the growth in data centers was supported by solid demand from key vertical markets uh Hubble emphasized that the ongoing AI boom and grid modernization are strategic macro tailwinds supporting short-term and long-term growth in its solutions portfolio. Comfort Systems Fix uh backlog hit a record 8.1 billion stock was up huge uh uh after the earnings Panasonic battery I'm not going to read you this one but just know that this is going on in the battery and storage side as well API group which um again not not one you'd basically be seeing on this but we continue to see demand for missionritical building and safety services outpace expectations. Uh so this is on the safety and specialty services. They have a backlog in that area as well. And then we're starting to get to an important area. This was uh one of the first uh transport companies that mentioned it. Uh it's starting to show up. Segments benefit from specialized freight such as heavy hall construction materials and data center equipment that command higher margins are less cyclical than dry van. uh it's starting to show up in this and again I think people have to pay attention that as the shipments of construction materials equipment and modules for hypers scale and AIdriven projects these specialized and heavy hall moves command premium pricing you're only starting to see the stuff that to me would be the PMI side I don't expect the PMI to show the big move until we get at least a couple more months out the time period that I'm comparing this to is most closely is actually in the 03 period from 2000 to 2003 because of the overbuild in tech and the dot bubble. We had a PMI that**[16:10]**and the dot bubble. We had a PMI that for the most part averaged below 50 during that three-year period. Uh I remember trading in 03. I started my hedge fund and my hedge fund in 03. And I just remember people were very very bearish on the economy. Rates were sitting at lower levels. Then all of a sudden we had a PMI print that missed in May. Then it beat slightly in June and then it beat big in July. And that started a a a fairly big change. uh in everything and then the PMI stayed basically from 2003 to 2007 above 50 uh in terms of the PE ratio because if anything shows up on X most people are talking about valuations again I've talked about this before but whenever I see another person that puts this out there this one is from Duality Research here's the profit margin chart we are entering a period where profit margins are going to get better from AI it's going to happen you're going to have to go through this and as profit margins get better the valuation deserves to be at a higher level. That's what they're saying. So, they've created an adjusted uh valuation based on profit margins. This is not something that just picks something random. If profit margins were to come down, then the market should come down. But if profit margins stay at high levels, it should be a big thing for uh valuations. Mike Wilson who's had a good call this month um did get bullish down around the 5,000 area uh after the correction uh and talked about the fact that the earnings look good and basically highlights something important uh that I think is worth putting in here. He's talking about the fact that more resilient earnings cash flow backdrop than previously expected and improvement driven in part by AI adoption. We talked about the weakness in the dollar even though it strengthened uh over the course of the last two weeks. It has been weaker significantly by the year. In fact, the biggest weak uh the worst first half of year uh in history in the dollar. You're getting the cash tax savings from the one big beautiful bill and pent-up demand for many sectors uh in the market that have kind of been on hold because of fears over the tariffs where at a minimum we're way past the uncertainty point. We now have peak certainty uh in my opinion. Uh and he goes through we're**[18:12]**my opinion. Uh and he goes through we're already seeing earnings revision breath has improved considerably. I've shown that uh and he talks about a lot of different things, but I think the AI adoption is a is a big thing. And then one more thing for people to remember is the high probability of more Fed rate cuts in the first quarter. That's why the numbers on Friday that were on the weaker side for people that want to look for the ne next bullish catalyst. Cutting earnings into a PMI cycle that bottoms and goes higher is going to be very very bullish if that's what plays out. And I think it is. And the reason I think it's going to play out is because of this. So I want to emphasize as I go through these charts on the data center buildout that if you haven't taken the time to realize how much is now ongoing now uh it's exploding. So we've had data center growth. This chart here the yellow things are the operating uh data center infrastructures. These orange ones which are popping up all over the country not just in any one area but across the country. Those are the under construction ones. And then you have the white ones all over the place here, which are the proposed ones. We have more proposed than we have anything. And here's what you got. New Jersey, massive data center. Nevada, massive data center. Texas, massive data center. These are all These are all reports from this week. So these are all in the final eight days of of July. This one is in Wyoming, the air boom that could outpower outpower an entire state. Virginia was already a major place. uh they're talking about the impact it's having on logistics and then you can see this massive structure here which is in Arizona uh and this is on plans to build the biggest project the biggest project San Jose San Jose has forged powerful lines to strengthen the city's electrical and meet the soaring energy needs uh partnership includes with projections of nearly 200,000 new jobs primarily in construction we have labor shortages with inside the construction and energy place I'll talk more about this open AI launches Stargate in Europe. European data center power demand to double by 2030. This is not just a US thing. So you should see**[20:14]**not just a US thing. So you should see growth around the globe from data centers including Asia. An interesting comment from a former meta employee. Energy is the biggest bottleneck right now. If we look at any of the transformers or any of the power equipment or cooling equipment or even the construction or availability of power, there is no way it's going to happen. Meaning the spend on the capex. If you talk about Schneider, who supplies a lot of power equipment, I showed their earnings. They're completely full with a back order until 2030. They're not negotiating on price. It's basically you're lucky to get an order. Everyone talks about Nvidia, but there are many other things beyond Nvidia for this thing. If you even if you have the money, you can't spend it. This is going to become a story about energy and about power. So, I continue to say it. Factories are the new power users. So, you're getting into this construction, manufacturing. Again, this is becoming the big thing that is going to explode. to explode. Who pays AI boom sparks fight over soaring power costs? Again, when I do these things, I'm picking stories from the week. Utilities and technology companies at odds over who should pay for the electricity costs. Hm. I wonder who Trump is going to make pay for this when it comes down to it. I don't think the consumer is going to pay for it. I think the hypers scal scalers will find a way for them to have to pay for it. uh just stories across the country about the power needs and about the rising electricity prices. And now you're finally starting to see at least story show up on an element that I think is important. If we get to the point where oil, I had someone reach out to me and say, "Well, oil is not going higher. How can there be a power situation?" We now have Brent solidly above $70. Uh we have WTI right around $70. This is all despite the fact that the energy price is higher. We've had production increases from uh OPEC, OPEC plus. We've had obviously uh a spike that happened on the back of Israel going into Iran. It fell down, but it stayed above the price that we were before it started. So you're starting to get this, but I think this is an important thing because as commodity prices and in particular certain things go higher on the tariff**[22:15]**certain things go higher on the tariff side, it's very very difficult for energy production in the US to continue because if you've got rising labor demand that's coming from shortages in labor for construction and you're looking for labor in this part, you've got a problem where the cost of steel, labor, and frack materials in part due to tariffs become an issue. So you can control some of the tariff prices at some point, but in terms of it driving up oil and the key power side, it's going to fit into it if all that stuff has got it. So just remember as this plays out, it's still very early in this. I think it's going to take for building this stuff, the ordering of it. We have just gotten out of the uncertainty over the tariffs and the one big beautiful bill. Now they're in there and the White House has done the AI action plan to basically per get rid of permitting. Deregulation is going to be a major driver. When I've talked about with PE with clients on this for 22V and I've done presentations, this reminds me a lot of the way Trump did the fast track on the vaccine. When you take out deregulation for something this massive and important to the group where we need power, we need AI, I would expect that this is going to be a major push. We also have the rare earth problem. There was a meeting at the White House this week and I showed this last week. The mining side is going to be important. At the same point, this is starting to become something. We still don't have a trade deal with China and I've said that I think the trade war with China is over, but now we're starting to get into something that I think could be a little bit more important. So Besson says we're on the cusp of trade deal. I watched this YouTube with BG2 with Brad Gersonner who's been very very good this year and I don't know how much of his knowledge on the right time for things. He kind of got the the turning point on the tariffs right. Uh he seems to be heavily involved uh with the White House to some degree whether that's from information coming from the tech people that that are there or it's because he was involved in the thousand investment**[24:16]**was involved in the thousand investment uh portion that they were doing for kids. But he said on this podcast, I think this president wants to do the biggest deal ever done with China. Besson's been very clear. China has to rebalance to domestic consumption and away from an export economy. I think this is important because a big deal with China, even if it's only for the next four years, uh will involve something in my opinion on China that they have to focus on. I I think they're feeling the pressure from the export side and they continue to talk about needing to step up economic policy support and even though everyone in the US continues to uh I guess fade it is the best word to use. I don't see how the country doesn't do enough to continue to grow near 5% and continue to air on the side of growing a little bit faster. but also the AI race and the need for knowing that the US is racing faster on AI and on crypto is forcing China to get involved. Again, she is very much tied right now to China's economy. So, he needs to get this going. Um, how I how China is gerting for an AI battle with the US. China's ramping up its efforts to build a domestic AI ecosystem that can function without Western technology. Again, I bring that up because neither country wants to fall backwards uh in terms of the tariffs. Just keep paying attention. I still think this White House is doing everything that they possibly can to help Americans that are in uh in the position of fighting off inflation, dealing with housing affordability. I still think there's measures to come. Rebate checks, just another thing to keep on the back of your mind that I think they're emphasizing growth. Uh back to the Fed this week. uh they kept things on hold, but there were two Fed officials that dissented. That wasn't all the story for the week. Historically, dissensions uh are positive. Uh they often, as uh this uh was put in, uh governors often lead policy moves. Uh so again, I wouldn't treat it as a nothing. I think the market still expects the Fed to go. And I think after the data we saw this week,**[26:18]**I think after the data we saw this week, uh we've put the September probability up above 85% as of late Friday. Uh, this didn't stop Trump. Jerome Tle, pal, stubborn And then, of course, after the jobs number, I've directed my team to fire this Biden political appointee immediately. So, the the jobs number thing, Trump is not going to stop until he has the economy booming. The economy is booming under Trump despite a Fed that also plays games. I just think this Fed story in terms of cutting rates at a at the same time that I think there's a delay and we're going to see the increase coming up with PMIs at the same time that the stock market's near all-time highs. And you guys remember what happens if you cut rates and you don't get a recession, it is bullish. We've now been on hold, you'll start seeing things saying if you're on hold and then you cut rates again and you don't go into a recession, it's a big deal. We did have a Fed governor uh resign on Friday uh and she was in the hawkish camp. So, we're losing someone who was at least according to that person on the hawkish side. Uh best podcast to watch this week again was Moonshots. Moonshots has been a go-to uh because they've been doing such big broad topics combining AI with the economy and this one was no exception. and they spent a lot of time on the AI plan. The panel describes President Trump's action plan as an unprecedented in size and ambition effectively positioning the US on a war footing in the global AI race. I want to remind people this is not in any way a political uh podcast. This is 100% with MIT people. All of the people that were on this episode, Alex Gross, Peter Diamandis, David Blondon, they're all MIT graduates. These are all people focused solely on what's happening in technology. All of them are heavily involved and invested in the AI space. Uh it's a global AI rise. It's not just a policy update. It is an industrial scale mobilization comparable only to the Eisenhower era interstate highway system or even the Manhattan project. I**[28:19]**system or even the Manhattan project. I don't know how this doesn't say PMI going higher over the course of the year. It is big. This is potentially the broadest US industrial strategy we've seen since Eisenhower. Is it a plan to turn the US into one huge AI factory? The deregulation and acceleration again this is really really important to fasttrack. Fasttrack was uh important in the vaccine for COVID infrastructure and energy buildout. We need both the infrastructure for the data centers. We need the energy the cooling systems and that energy not chips is the bottleneck. We're at a different stage. We were using excess capacity of energy and using chips that were available. Now we've got back orders of everything and we've been underinvested we've been underinvested inside the industrial space for turbines, for transformers, for cooling systems, for everything. It's going to take a while for this to catch up. Uh again, it's electricity. Uh we are not chip limited with electricity uh limited. limited. Calls out nuclear geothermal but not solar. This is an important point by Blondon. Even the best solar strategy doesn't matter if you can't deploy it fast. The plan is about what we can build now. build now. Now is the the the critical thing. Uh Richard Jark or Rard Jark put this out. Uh we're still on the massive demand for AI chips, data centers, and energy. Uh we're in a world where nothing big ever happens. So we have no way of processing it till something big happens. Peter Thiel said that this is this PMI thing. We're living in a world where nothing big ever happens. what's happening in AI is about to go parabolic and people are not on top of what it means to go to the inference workloads and then we're going to go into AI agents which transforms everything and then when you get past that you've got to add humanoids to add humanoids AV AR all being unlocked by these breakthroughs uh in the next 5 10 years you have a massive super semian energy cycle that we're all severely underestimating there's no way that it doesn't happen other than supply not being able to met be met by demand. Um**[30:19]**being able to met be met by demand. Um on that podcast again, building an atomic bond can never be done unless you turn the United States into one huge factory. The AI action plan is doing exactly that. We are on an acceleration of the acceleration. This is being executed by executive order. This is not a matter of if, it's a matter of go. Unlike typical US industrial strategies that change with political winds, this plan has continually guaranteed for at least three and a half years under a single administration and it's synchronized. This is the important point which I'm going to get into. The expected peak of AGI development. We're incredibly lucky. We have continuity for three and a half years right through the AGI explosion window. The AGI explosion window is happening now. This is where things start to go parabolic. And they talk about the fact that David Saxs because he and the brilliant people in Washington are making it clear to DC that this is not a question of whether we should do it. We have to do it. And this is what was released by Zuckerberg this week. Over the last few months, we've begun to see glimpses of our AI systems improving themselves. The improvement is slow for now, but undeniable. Developing super undeniable. Developing super intelligence is now in sight. I talked to with uh Pomp Anthony Pompiano about this on our podcast uh yesterday. Uh we've what what they're talking about is reaching the point of recursive self-improvement recursive self-improvement when AI is able to learn on its own. How fast will things speed up? This is the critical part and we talked about in Pomp, but I just want to make sure you guys can think about it. You can go do your own search on there. It can learn, write, and improve on its own code without human intervention. things could speed up at an exponential or even super exponential rate. This concept is referred to as the intelligence explosion or hard takeoff at AI theory. If we're nearing 100% time savings and AI is writing itself at this point, Alex is saying we're already there. If math and physics are about to quote unquote solve by AGI, maybe we'll know as soon as the next 6 to9 months. Why? It speeds up faster model improvement, automation of R&amp;D, which has huge implications for**[32:21]**of R&amp;D, which has huge implications for healthcare, quantum everything, an elimination of iteration delay. Once AI starts improving itself reliably, months of human progress could occur in days or even hours leading to breakthroughs across all scientific domains in compressed timelines. That's the part that right now the market has not priced in. Um, it has huge implications for everything. Uh, recursive everything. Uh, recursive self-improvement is imminent. If we're nearing Oh, I already went through this one. Uh, one. Uh, yeah, all this stuff is already there, so I don't need to go through it again. We're talking about having centuries of uh, progress happening in years now. Within three to five years, this is from Eric Schmidt recently, will have what is called AGI. This is possible because a process called recursive process called recursive self-improvement. They're able to learn on their own. Uh, it represents the critical threshold when AI systems begin improving themselves. And again, I'm bringing this up now because these are all the leaders of AI saying the same thing. Lex Friedman, so that podcast from Eric Schmidt was two weeks ago. Lex Friedman was two weeks ago. Alpha involve enables on the programming side something like recursive something like recursive self-improvement potentially. self-improvement potentially. When you hone it out, it it's very good at incrementally improving that. Sam Alman, we're now starting to look ahead to super intelligence. This is a kind of brain of the world. It will be personal, adaptable, easy to use. It will give people incredible superpowers with that were sort of science fiction only a couple years ago. The limit won't be the algorithms, the research, but it increasingly becomes the physical instantation the physical instantation that is takes to make this work. Chips, cable, servers, energy, everything that you need to power this brain. Again, we are at that point now where it's accelerating. But think of it as it needs unlimited food. The power that it gets is food. We don't have enough food to feed this. So we have to build it. And if we don't build it fast, and China will build it fast, you can see where this becomes not only self-improvement or self-learning. It becomes**[34:22]**or self-learning. It becomes self-fulfilling for all the reasons that I mentioned. GPT5 launch is coming. This will accelerate the talk of it. Uh and it's coming very very soon, possibly next week. Uh Sam Alman says he's afraid of GPT5 creation. What we have done raised alarm and concern over the company's soon to launch AI model which is rapidly outpacing oversight learning on itself. on itself. Again Again we're at an unbelievable point in history. Um Anthropic I'm bringing this up because they near funding round at 170 billion. Uh XAI Musk's one got one at 200 recently and OpenAI got one at 350. These are all private companies that combined are approaching a trillion dollars and will probably be there. That just shows how fast these are moving. Uh Bitcoin sharp correction. Uh again, these are the monthly numbers. It's it's down 2% for the month. I continue to believe Bitcoin will represent and its growth will mimic AGI or mimic uh AI as it goes. It's the purest way to AI. This was a big week for just the administration again moving forth. This was an op-ed uh by Bessant uh in the Washington Post. The highlights of it I'll leave for you guys to read. It's all stuff we've talked about on here, but they are dead serious about all of this stuff being a big part on it. Um they are focused on this being an AI race as well. They think this is a dominant force to get ahead, especially with stablecoin. This is a 166 page report from the White House, strengthening American leadership in digital financial technology came out this week. We are trying to own the guardrails of finance. Uh the SEC rolled out project crypto to rewrite the rules for digital assets. No other country in the world is doing this at this point. President Trump says Bitcoin is amazing and producing a lot of jobs. He views cryptocurrency as an industry. Uh this came out in Project Syndicate. I think everyone should be reading these now. I'm highlighting the stuff that came out this week. This just shows the breadth of what's going on. Everyone in**[36:22]**breadth of what's going on. Everyone in the traditional finance and the traditional economic world is finally talking about crypto and stable coins. A year ago, no one was talking about this other than it being a scam and speculative stable coin. This is a great article to read uh in terms of understanding stable coins, but kind of connecting it back to macro and where we are, how fast this person makes the argument, which I agree with, that it's going to accelerate this stable coins and transactions in the ecosystem. The network effects are about to explode because of AI agents. They are directly tied back to the AGI side. If you are spending time worrying about tariffs, worrying about PMIs, worrying about uh job losses and everything in recessions, you're missing out on what matters. Stable coins are far more important than Whirlpool at this point. Stable coins ECB are reshaping global finance with the dollar at the helm without a strategic response. strategic response. This is important from hype to hazard. What stable coins mean for Europe? Hazard for Europe. If they don't have a plan on them, they're in trouble. They realize it now. Stable coins are reshaping global finance with US dollar at the helm without a strategic response. European monetary and they're finally starting to pay attention that if the banks are launching them, how quickly we saw Silicon Valley Bank take all of its dep lose all of its deposits. Think about how quickly it would happen in the traditional finance world if every bank was connected to stable coins where it's taking seconds. At least at Silicon Valley Bank, it took hours to days. We're now talking about seconds. Exank of China chief warns of major risk from stable coins. Criticizes US efforts. Everyone's going to get more involved in it. They have to get more involved in it. It's going to be a race. Every G country is looking to buy Bitcoin for its reserves. Hyper Bitcoinization has begun. Completely agree. And again, I'm tying it completely back to AI. Uh and you've still got every company will be a Bitcoin treasury company. Bitcoin treasury company. If you want to have assets and money saved in a place where they're not getting debased, owning treasuries will be an issue and more and more people**[38:24]**be an issue and more and more people will continue to look as Bitcoin as something that goes in because it's the future. Uh even Ray Dallio who had been positive on Bitcoin but not egregiously um went out and recommended a 15% allocation to Bitcoin. And then finally, I just want to remind people if I'm right about the PMIs going higher and everything that you saw here that AGI is fueling PMIs to go higher because the buildout is happening because of deregulation, because of fasttrack, because of back orders that all companies are reporting right now, because trucking companies are starting to show it. This is what Bitcoin has done during PMI rises. We've also had the printing of money. I continue to believe that's the story. That's it for this week. Uh, hope everyone's having a great summer and I'll see you next