---
title: "The Real Impact of Tariffs: Dollar Down, Bonds Shaken, Bitcoin Rising"
channel: "Jordi Visser"
channel_slug: jordi-visser
video_id: J1bm9kzS57U
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1bm9kzS57U
upload_date: 2025-05-11
duration: "44:12"
description: "In this week's video we continue with the back and forth that is the tariff and trade deal driven market.  For the second time in a month the President of the United States tells investors to buy stocks to get ahead of a deal announcement with China.  In the real world, more earnings reports saying "
view_count: 13960
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-03
---

# The Real Impact of Tariffs: Dollar Down, Bonds Shaken, Bitcoin Rising

**Channel:** Jordi Visser
**Date:** 2025-05-11
**Duration:** 44:12
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1bm9kzS57U

---

## Transcript

**[0:04]**Um, another week, uh, president says to buy stocks again. Never thought I'd, uh, be saying that in my, uh, career in this business, uh, unless I was in an emerging market. Uh, sentiment finally starting to shift, but the hard data continues to disappoint bears. I'll spend some time on that. Uh, Taiwan dollar spent a lot of time writing about it, talking about it. But I'll go into more details and why it's an important uh shift that to me is the beginning of a long-term trend or confirmation of a long-term trend. Uh rising rates and AI are the biggest risk. So, I'm going to start talking about uh what you should be worried about now that people are starting to migrate at least towards neutral. It's time to start looking at what the next um quote unquote uh obsession with a recession will be. And uh Bitcoin is approaching all-time highs and still very few people on Wall Street own it. Do not miss out on the final third of the video. From this point to the end of the year, uh AI and Bitcoin will be the most important stories from an investment standpoint. You need to uh look at those parts of these videos. I know for most uh people on Wall Street, they try to avoid Bitcoin. Uh not anymore. Uh all right. So, Trump goes out. I decided to use Japanese one translated in um just because I think this whole thing has now become hilarious. Uh he says, "Great time to buy on April 9th." That marks the low or the time that everyone uh should have bought. Uh people forget that on April 22nd, Scott Besson at a private event said that there'll be deescalation and now we have saying buy them. I whatever. Um, we got a trade deal finally. Um, that's probably why the market uh just consolidated this week because what we knew we were going to get, we finally got. And of course, it's with the two countries with the biggest uh current account deficits. Uh, so**[2:06]**uh current account deficits. Uh, so again, these arrows represent Trump says buy stocks. Uh, Bessant has a dinner with JP Morgan and says there's going to be a deescalation with China as we're starting a retest. Uh remember this was also after tenure rates had gone higher and we had a down equity down bond down currency week and now Trump says it here and again we're up against resistance not surprising as I said last week to expect some consolidation. QQQ is right up against the 200 day moving average. uh small caps continue to uh lag and as I've talked about higher rates and higher disruption from AI very big negative for small caps and I continue to believe you will see this uh Amazon versus everyone type thing that dominated from 2009 to 2019 will continue MCI world x the US in local currencies approaching the all-time highs after it had fallen uh again as the dollar weakens, remember it is a massive stimulus for the rest of the globe. Uh so I I you know it helps the manufacturing side here it doesn't help our economy uh overall but global liquidity that's why you're seeing all these global liquidity lines go up because over 65% of debt in the world is in dollars. So all these countries are benefiting in particular emerging markets. I'm not going to go through emerging markets in this, but I would definitely be long, especially Latin America, uh, for the rest of the year. Uh, breath um, makes an all-time high, and as this guy says, alltime highs are not bearish. Uh, again, the advanced decline line for the S&amp;P 500 closes at an all-time high. And he just shows us other times of where we've had consolidations and what happens when you break to a new new all-time high. In the advanced decline, stocks are strong. We did see as I said sentiment has come down but we still have more than 50% on this line. So AI has barely budged uh but we've obviously started to see the**[4:09]**but we've obviously started to see the systematic macro strategies put money to work as V has come down uh and as markets have gone higher. You'll continue to see that and then the NIM exposure had its largest weekly jump since 2024. So you are forcing people back in. Um again retail a major major buyer here along with buybacks as I'll go through it and the smart pencils the sharp pencils all selling reducing on the fears of smooth holly um buybacks massive. Uh Deutsche Bank said strong earnings results have seen a surge in buybacks. Companies do not buy back stocks in this amount before they start firing people. firing people. Just saying uh buybacks pace. This is the pace uh biggest year for buy. It's on pace for the biggest year in buybacks. Um just to get a sense as to the numbers in here and again you can't see it here. No buybacks in in the 089 period or very very few uh COVID buybacks are stopped when companies are worried that worried that uh their businesses are in trouble. They're not using cash to buy back stock. Uh stock. Uh Disney, I can't think of a place that basically says the economy is fine more than Disney. Not only uh surprising having a 10% up move in the stock, but also providing guidance that is good. Uh Lyft, another service company, doesn't see anything to worry about. Palanteer reported uh we're in the middle of a tectonic shift in the adoption of our software particularly in the US where our revenue soared 55% year-over-year more servicebased economy stuff we are delivering the operating system for the modern enterprise of the AI world hyperscalers I talked about them still committing uh more service companies that are saying we don't even know what you guys are talking about in terms of the tariffs um and just to get a sense as to how important these**[6:09]**a sense as to how important these companies are uh of forward earnings. They're almost a quarter of forward earnings in terms of the MAG 7. So the MAG 7 has had a correction without the MAG 7. The S&amp;P is now unchanged for the year. So just like breath has gone higher. You're basically talking about seven stocks that saw multiple compression. Um here is the chart of the MAG 7. I think this week if we don't get through the 200 day moving average and we see a pullback, which would not be surprising, uh given that in two weeks we have Nvidia, you'll start hearing people talk about this obvious head and shoulders formation in the MAG 7. That's that that would be the next thing that I think you'll hear about. Here is uh Nvidia. Uh I just want to highlight the before we get into this, their earnings are coming up in two weeks. Here's their earnings estimates. Um here's where the stock price is. This will be the big thing for me of when the final capitulation would basically come in because people have to remember that it was it was Nvidia and Deepseek that really started this. This the S&amp;P was just about at all-time highs when Deepseek came out. Um and when I mean just about it was at all time all-time highs or the day before it was. Uh so it's we've been in kind of this correction since then and I think it's important just to realize that when Nvidia comes out that'll be uh an important kind of point where I think people will at that point maybe have thrown in everything on the tariffs and we'll move to something else which I'm going to get into in terms of Powell this week. you know, a lot of discussions, but one of the things he said, which I think I I really want to make sure people understand because people are talking about the economy and anyone who you read who writes about how the the economy was negative in the first quarter. I showed uh last week the breakdown and showed how strong business fixed investment was and that consumption that was lower was still fine. Uh that government was negative and then we had these two big pieces. So he highlighted about five times in his press conference the private domestic final purchases. So I decided to rather**[8:10]**final purchases. So I decided to rather than sit there and uh let you hear it. Here is the the white line here is the final domestic demand for domestic purchases purchasers. So you can see how stable it is just sitting around 3%. And this here is the GB GDP quarterly. So you know you had negative numbers here. We actually did see weakness in that, but right now it's steady. The economy is completely fine. There is nothing in Q1 and he shouldn't be reacting. But this is what people are going off of. So I've had enough of hearing um in conversations from people about the tariffs and the fact that this is the highest since the 1900s. And then when I asked, do you know whether that means anything or not importantly like what's the size of the imports? What's the size of the goods part? And I this is where it gets troublesome because I just showed you three companies in the service side that are blowing things away. I could have shown you Netflix. I could have shown you a bunch. We are not an economy when we when we rode horses. It's not the same thing. A completely different time period than we were in the 1900s. So just to give you guys an idea visually of what it is, these are the facts. Personal the facts. Personal consumption. This is the durables. This is the goods. Okay. It's at $2.3 trillion of spending in this country is on physical things. Here's what we spend on services, which is not part of the tariffs. $14.3 trillion. More importantly, just in the last year, it's up more than the entire amount here. So yeah, back in the early 1900s when it was probably goods over services or they're about the same, you could see where it's an important part when imports are such a big percentage of things, but also when there's no information, there's no real-time stuff. We're in totally different economy and it's not just in the spending, it's in the jobs. So just to make sure that we see this is the**[10:11]**to make sure that we see this is the goods, the the payrolls of goods. So we've got 21 million people that work in the goods. That's the same level as 1965, 40 million to 140 million. I mean, this is just ludicrous to talk about in the way that people are where they say it's going to happen. So every time you watch a shipping thing and every time you hear the things of on the shelves, I it's all in your head. It's not real. I hate to say it, but it's not real. You're not throwing the economy into a recession because of tariffs. If earnings collapse and the stock market collapses, as I've said, at 200% of GDP, it's a problem. So, when the government when the president was saying he didn't care about the stock market, it was a risk. Now, he's saying buy stocks. So, he's changed it. Jobless claims. Again, if you want the real-time indicator of when the hard data will get bad, this is it. Claims. So, we got a claims number. I talked last week about how it had a little bit of a jump of 15,000 that was all related to New York and the holidays. Well, it came back off. We got 226. So, here's where we are. This is overlaid with the services PMI. So, two things about this. Number one, it's real-time indicator, meaning the claims will tell you when we're going into a recession. The services, we need to see massive job losses. We're not even seeing any at this point. zero, Zippo claims, no one's filing for insurance. So, if someone does lose a job and you see the challenger job cuts or any of these other ridiculous things, just go to the claims. If people aren't filing for unemployment insurance, there is no job losses. This is a real-time indicator. It doesn't get looked at enough. That'll fall down. The other thing to look at is look how much lower the services survey is compared to prior times. This is the recession that we're in. Meaning there's a good portion, the majority of people in this country are living paycheck to paycheck. We do have a commercial real estate recession. We do have a housing recession at this point. We have tons of places where**[12:12]**point. We have tons of places where there are recessions, but this is a service-based economy. We are not in a recession. And unless something changes dramatically, we're not going to be in one, and it's certainly not going to be from the tariffs alone. I'll get into points of where this could become a bigger issue, at least for the stock market, that could feed into the economy later. This is the weekly jobless uh Johnson redbook retail uh sales. Nothing people like zero. This is a weekly number that comes out. If there was anything important, you'd start to see it show up. There's nothing going on here. It's not only not falling, it's sitting near really good levels at this point. So, we need to see weak. Now, when you look for other signs, uh City Good and Barkley see m mountain of money for risky debt. And again, this is part of the point that I just want to keep making. There's too much cash sitting out there. We know money markets are up at $7 trillion. So, like just for the stock market alone, there's $7 trillion sitting in 4% yielding instruments at this point. We still have massive money in checking accounts uh that are yielding nothing. They're talking about how leverage loans are the riskiest part of debt is there. And this is what the chart shows. Look, we had a fall with the stock market. leverage loans total return are already back above the highs. There is too much cash in the system looking to go to work. We have a problem here of a deficit with a debt to GDP. If the government has net debt every year of $2 trillion it has to raise. That money is going into the private sector. So we still have fiscal dominance. We still have an issue. All right. Canary in the coal mine Taiwanese dollar. Um this is a chart all the way back to 19 I think it goes back to 84. um two-day move, massive. So, we come in Monday, this is out there. I write a paper on it um because I want to highlight to people why it's important for me uh in terms of having been there when the Taiwanese dollar did this. This**[14:14]**when the Taiwanese dollar did this. This was in was in 1998. This was during LTCM. This is while I was in Brazil. This had been the end of a very large problem in the globe in terms of the emerging market crisis. And from that point as I I go through in here this is when the recycling of dollars started. So at that time we had a big change in global markets where the Asian countries all many of them had currency breaks they had their currencies um or peg currency breaks. They had their currencies under pressure. Everyone out there started to hoard what was gold at that time which was dollar reserves. So the dollar started being purchased in great size to defend against the next time this chart here which is from John Ro at 22V. He and I did a webinar this week. Uh reach out to your salesperson at 22V if you want to go through it. It's an important one in my mind because we go through China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia, Philippines. All of the currencies are sending the exact same me message. It is an unwind of what had happened a long time ago in terms of the Asian currencies. Now what drove the Taiwanese side? Taiwan insurers clash over hedging as currency rallies. This has been a a major thing in the fact that Asia has had tons and tons of dollars uh and purchases over the years since that period. Dollar faces 2.5 trillion avalanche of Asian sales. Steven Lee Jen. I work with Stephen Lee Jen at Morgan Stanley. We do a regular call, myself, Stephen, and and five other partners. He is one of the best, if not the best, on currencies out there. Um, and he's talking about Asian countries may unwind their large stockpile of dollars, potentially triggering a $2.5 trillion avalanche of selling that poses sharp downside risk to the dollar. That's what John and I were going through. The charts are saying that's going to happen. I believe that's absolutely going to happen. And I think there's more to this to come. Now, uh I do want to say right now because**[16:15]**uh I do want to say right now because the sentiment in the dollar uh is is very negative. Uh I don't think that's going to matter this year. I also don't think it's going to collapse. I think when I get in through some of the things I'm going to show, there's other things to focus on for this year. Uh, I do want to bring up that Stephen is talking about he he's the architect of what's called the dollar smile which would happen in markets when we'd have a global recession. Dollar would appreciate if the US growth and yields were going through. Dollar would appreciate and this is the time that the dollar would depreciate. And this was normally coming out of a recession or some kind of a cyclical upswing when everybody was coming out in a synchronized manner. Well, now he's turning this into maybe we're going into a dollar frown. I happen to believe and this is where the dollar is going to be on the sell side for either of these things. If we have a recession, it probably goes down. And the root cause at the end of the day, it's no longer a safe haven. And I think that's what's gone on with losing the global currency reserve. The dollar is no longer gold. And that's what you have to keep thinking about. Taiwan dollar rises fastest pace in decades, threatening tech profits. Remember, we have benefited from a strong dollar against the rest of the world. and the rest of the world has suffered from a strong dollar. So now with a weakening dollar, you're going to get global growth which will be strong outside of the country relative to inside. But one of the places is we benefited from the dollar on tech profits in terms of being able to import stuff especially from Taiwan uh for cheaper levels than we obviously would. Remember uh when you look at oil around the globe or any commodity they're priced in dollars. So if the dollar is weakening for a foreign investor, their commodities are getting cheaper, which means their competition, their ability to compete with US uh is is is better than it's been. So you're going to start to see some productivity changes. This is part of the reason why the foreign markets are outperforming the US. But I just want to keep it in the back of people's mind because the**[18:16]**the back of people's mind because the dollar moving against Asia has just started. Um Brad Satzer uh has done a ton of stuff. He probably had the best interview of the week in terms of Taiwan and understanding it better. So, worth going. And again, just to highlight, Asian dollar made its low on Jan 13th uh of this year, but then we retested it two weeks ago. This has just started. Um, this is a long-term trend, and when the Asian dollar is rallying, different things are going on. Uh, if you take the trade weighted dollar, that also just peaked. I just want to show this back to 1971. This is uh the Breton Woods uh situation. We got off the gold standard. This is what the dollar has done on a trade weighted basis. We just made the high. John and I went through all these divergences here, meaning RSIs were going down. So, I think this is a peak. I think this is going to lead to a long-term change. Now, what you notice is these things never collapse. So, don't look for some straight line down, but I do believe that something needs to go on with the Chinese yuan. I think it should be revalued or it should be let to float stronger maybe down to six and a half. That would absolutely have an impact here. Move this down into here. I think a a weakening dollar has become a bigger part of the equation. Uh Ken Rogoff has a new book out. Uh I've listened to four podcasts with him over the course of the last week. Uh I like him a lot. Uh never really knew who he was before the podcast. This is one of the benefits of podcast. I love the fact that he was a chess player. I love the fact that he dropped out of college a couple times. uh hated high school uh resonates with me and part of the reason was he has an ability to change his mind. He's not some thesis person that comes up with one thesis. He talks openly in the podcast about some of the things that Trump's doing that are good. He wrote this book before Trump was elected. Uh basically saying our dollar you're a problem using a line from history. Uh but he goes through a lot of the reasons why this is a problem. Uh it's more balanced than Ray Dalio's um**[20:17]**it's more balanced than Ray Dalio's um stuff that he puts out trying to sell books and whatever else reason he's doing. He has a thesis he's had for a long time. So uh whatever Ray is trying to do, at least Ken's being balanced in this key points on interest rates and reserve uh reserve currency status. This is where I want to go through because one of the things Ken Rogoff mentions is that when you lose the global reserve currency status, uh your interest rates are going to start to move higher. you've had the benefit of rates being lower than they otherwise should be. And again, the dollar was gold. Uh, and for Asian countries, they needed dollars to protect against the next crisis. And when they got those dollars, they would go into the market and buy treasuries. And that would keep rates on everything lower than expected. I I I talked about how that had an impact on the great financial crisis because every garbage mortgage with any kind to anybody was able to be sold to someone. And part of the reason why was there was endless demand from Asia that led to that crisis. So these things all talk about you you get the ability to run large deficits. That's what we got. Um but if the world begins to diverse away from the dollar due to geopolitics, sanctions, overreach, geopolitics, sanctions, overreach, that's what we're going through right now with the tariffs. Demand for treasuries could fall and interest rates could rise suddenly and sharply. We obviously saw that a few weeks ago. I'm going to go through that. interest rates as a canary in the final chapters rograph suggested of long-term rates start rising independent of Fed hikes. So again, Fed cut rates in September. What happened to long-term rates? They went higher. Tenure rates were down at 360 when the Fed lowered 50 basis points in September. We are now up at 440 in tenure yields. It may be an early sign that the dollar's privilege is eroding. This is the most important story in markets. This is the most important story for you to pay attention to. When I was in Brazil, that's this line here. This is June of 97. I talked about this on the video with John Ro. Um the orange line here is tenure rates. The white line here is nominal GDP in the US. What**[22:18]**line here is nominal GDP in the US. What you can see is that from 1980 up until 97, tenure rates were always above year-over-year nominal GDP by about 100 to 150 basis points. And then when the Thai bot happened and we started seeing the breaking of all of the Asian currencies, pegs and markets, they started buying the hell out of dollars and building up reserves. And what changed was now 10ear rates traded under nominal GDP for the entire time and they are about to cross and they will cross. And when they do cross, it will be a major event. This is the change that's happening. Rates are migrating back at least into something in my mind that is half of this. we will start having tenure rates above because you've lost the global reserve currency status. This is the most important story. It has huge implications for the US market. It is not positive in general for the stuff that has worked. I will make the argument it is positive for what Donald Trump wants which is a redistribution. So let's go back to Besson's uh confirmation hearing. Uh he noted upon his confirmation in January rates had spiked to a 5% level. he describes as potentially uncomfortable for the economy particularly regarding mortgage rates and capital capital formation. Remember these things. He also said he uh when asked about inflation he addressed concerns about the inflationary impact of Trump's tariffs. He argued that the appreciation of the US dollar appreciation would offset much of the potential price increase. He explained that in a classical economic model, a 10% tariff could lead to a 4% appreciation of the dollar. This currency appreciation would in turn reduce the cost of imports, mitigating the inflationary effects. He gets into the specifics. He said, well, the producers might absorb 4%. And that would leave only a 2% increase. The problem is the dollar has not done this. It has depreciated by more than the 4%. This is the Steven Mirren thing. This is**[24:20]**This is the Steven Mirren thing. This is what he said. the the Harvard trained economist. This is a classical model. Models will only get you in trouble, especially when they are garbage. Um, remember hundred trillion dollars of global debt. So, this is not just a US problem. But the problem is the US rate is the benchmark rate. Everything in the world is priced off of US rates. We have a hundred trillion dollars of debt and 40% of it matures by 2027. Remember, rates are the most important thing. And the reason I said the Taiwanese dollar was a canary coal mine. It wasn't the first canary. So here's the problem. JGB yields, 30-year JGB yields going up. They made new highs this week. So it's not just the US. Japan, we hear about how it's not impacting their world that they have debt to GDP of 240%. It is. Their market is going through it. We have a bare market in bonds that is happening. Remember, 30-year rates in the US had this historic move back three weeks ago. So, these have been warning signs that something bad is going on. Um, this comes only 5 years after a speech by Olivia Blanchard on how public debt doesn't matter. People forget that people that very, very smart quote unquote smart people were talking about how the size of the debt doesn't matter. You can just keep printing as much money as you want. it doesn't matter unless you actually get rates to move higher and that's where we are and that's what Ken Rogoff talked about. He actually talks about it in there. I also want to remind people that we still have this going on at the time and this is why at the end when I go through Bitcoin it's obvious what's what's happening but the Fed again is still buying at this point or you know in auctions because they have debt maturing and that money is just getting recycled back. The balance sheet is only shrinking slightly now because of QT, but remember we've reduced it significantly. So I bring this up because eventually you're going to be in a position without any doubt in**[26:22]**to be in a position without any doubt in my mind that the government's going to have to get involved if rates start going higher. And that's what I would expect is going to start to become an issue. Luke Groman talked about it. Um he's been saying all year, we either need rates to go higher, we need there to be a devaluation of the dollar, and then the Fed will have to come in and put pressure. We're kind of in that cycle now. Now that we're getting through the recession fears, you're starting to finally see people talk about this Goldman forecast for US inflation as dollar slides. People are starting to realize that as the dollar comes down, it adds to inflation. Um, go look at the inflation that Brazil's been fighting as their currency has weakened. So, they're now raising their PCE forecasts up to 3.8 uh and then coming back to 27. They were at 35 and 23. So this is not the tariffs. Uh the tariffs are already included in there, but now you're getting the other boost from the dollar. Uh inflation expectations are moving higher. So again, not all of these are related to the politics. I'm sure there's politics in involved in all of them, but the reality is there will be a boost from tariff in terms of inflation. And now that you have the dollar going, I'll go through other risks that are there. But you've got inflation expectations that are moving higher. That was a bunch of survey uh surveys in terms of consumer confidence Michigan and the New York Fed consumer survey. This one is from companies though. So this is the survey uh of regional uh PMIs and just what's happening. So you've got this as an average one. They're all moving higher and this is on paid and received. One angle that people, you know, and Trump has talked about which is not going to work out in the end is this whole thing with crude. I think it should be noted that we got this quote unquote surprise release of more production from OPEC plus and by the end of the week crude was up. Um I like trying to find things where sentiment is bearish in something and you get a story that should make it happen. You could say the same thing for stocks this week. They didn't go higher**[28:22]**stocks this week. They didn't go higher and we had the president say to buy. So wouldn't surprise me if next week we have more of a weak week uh just because we saw the opposite of what you would expect to see. good news that turned into no price move. Well, in crude, we sold off or we had bad news and we didn't sell off. Now, the white line here is gas at the pump. This is the thing that really matters from the perspective of CPI. So, I believe that by the end of the year, power shortages are going to be a major story in terms of swaps. Uh this is inflation expectations, two-year inflation expectations, two-year inflation expectations and tips. Uh we're at the highs. So, we saw stocks fall. We saw crude fall and yet this thing just sits near the highs and it's basically at the highest level in two years. So the market's expecting inflation to be an issue. Now in terms of the debt and the reason rate should also start to go higher. Uh this isn't getting enough attention but uh Elon Musk discovers that serious spending cuts are really difficult. Uh Doge basically is really not doing anything. And again, the entitlement spending is not only up here, but it's growing rapidly. So, if we can't cut the interest expense, and the deficit, if the deficit's not going to get better, then the interest expense isn't going to get better unless the Fed cuts rates. I think the Fed cutting rates would trigger another move higher in long-term yield. So, I think a steepening of the yield curve is the issue we have because of what I've shown you in terms of where we are. There's one other issue for bonds globally right now and I don't know what of this is true or not. Um but we've heard this many times now in terms of this restructuring of US debt to maybe longer maturities or maybe and lower coupons. The fact that a sitting US treasury secretary is speaking publicly about the fault you cause foreigners to dump treasuries. I could not agree more. I've said this on my trips that if we're even talking about this, why would you own this stuff? move move to gold and**[30:22]**own this stuff? move move to gold and Bitcoin as fast as you can and I think these are the risks. This is not the stock market risk. So, let's just put them all together and see how good this is for interest rate. Right now, everyone's worried about recession fears. So, theoretically rates should be moving lower. They're not. Tariffs definitely has short-term inflation pressure, weaker dollar inflation pressure. the tax cuts if we get some through and let's just assume he puts higher taxes on wealthy and gives more tax cuts or money to an enormous amount of people the bottom 90% I view that as inflationary not disinflationary because I don't think it's going to change the spending habits of the wealthy of of above 2 and a half million uh but I do believe that for tax cuts possibly to zero for the bottom 90 huge huge impact in terms of creating more stimulus or more uh purchasing of stuff just like we saw with the stimmies. Uh AI power shortage coming in the second half of the year. Don't fade it. Just realize that electricity prices and stuff are going higher. Doge found raindrops in the ocean. The deficit still there. Debt to GDP. Economists that said it didn't matter. That's still sitting there at 120%. We have a synchronized problem in global debt maturity. We have rising inflation expectations. You're starting Asia repatriation on the benchmark bond. We're already trading 200 basis points below where we were before. I think we will at least migrate back above. Uh talking about restructuring the debt, JGB yields, the country that has always led us in terms of what's been going on with rates is making the highest level this century. And Germany and China are spending money for the first time that I don't know during my career. So, um, let's just say there's enough reasons to be bearish bonds that that should be where the bears are. Now, the impact that this will have, you're seeing elite colleges lead a rush for the exits of private equity. How does this fit in, Jordy? Well, I'm going to show you why this is important. The US is the leader on the globe of longduration assets. What are longduration assets? VC**[32:23]**What are longduration assets? VC investments, private equity, high growth tech stocks. If I'm right and if rates are moving higher, this has huge implications for countries around the world that have benefited from the low rates. The US has benefited the most by dominating in VC, private equity, technology stocks. We saw what happened in 2022 to all of them. These two have not recovered. These did because of AI, but they will be under pressure if rates are going higher because the pressure on future discounted cash flows with higher long-term rates become an issue. These assets flourish in low interest rate environments as we saw post08 when rates rise like in 2020. Long duration assets get hit hard because of future cash flows are discounted more heavily. This has contributed to volatility in the tech sector and VC valuations. Now here is the chart of the Moody's investment grade yield which is 6 and a4% as of Friday. Here is the earnings yield in the S&amp;P only yielding you 4.6%. So there's already a massive gap, meaning bonds are a better investment than stocks. If stocks start to go sideways, and again since 2021, if you take it since this period in 2021 when we started this movement higher, S&amp;P has produced 6% annualized returns. Now, this is during two great years here. So I'm one of these people that is not positive on stocks going forward because we are exposed to longduration assets. We are synthetically benefiting from yields trading low and I think bond yields are going higher. So the other problem is that we dominate coding. We dominate tech and we have another competitor coming. This is all the negatives for us relative to the rest of the globe. But for all of you sitting in tech stocks and on things built on code, good luck with your alpha. I think it's going to be harder and harder because I think there's going to be competition from AI. I've talked about this. So, these are the things that go you're**[34:23]**these are the things that go you're getting a harder and harder period to do. AI tools are widely accessible. So, competition, talent and ideas are globalized. Product lifespan shrink. I'm going to show something on this from the when I go into the next one. But VC funds have to pivot faster. I've talked about three 100 billion companies becoming 3001 billion companies. more private companies that never go public. The entire capital structure of the world is world is changing. And this is the reason why I'm going to give you three videos that you have as homework that you really should watch from this point. Especially the people on Wall Street who don't want to learn new things. These three will tell you what the capital structure of the world's going to look like. Stripe sessions, the keynote speech, 49 minutes. Go look at that. And I'll go through and show some charts as to why Stripe is a unicorn, one of the largest in the world. Uh it is part of the global uh payment system in terms of what the payment system is going to look like. Michael Sailor, check your Ponzi scheme hats at the door and go watch his speech and look at what he's talking about. This is the truth. Capital markets are unhealthy, full of zombie companies. The majority of companies in the US are zombie companies, just like they were in Japan. You have to go see. They can't beat the S&amp;P. About 30% of companies are beating the S&amp;P index because there's only seven companies that were actually going. I showed you small cap. All of the stuff he's talking about in here is absolutely true. And he's talking about a capital structure which will change. The third one, this is Peter Demandis. Caught him at a really good spot. Um the trillion dollar AI reset. There's so much good alpha in this about what the future is going to look like. He does this um regular conversation with uh with Salem, but he also did one with Dave Blondon. You really should go listen to it because he goes through a ton of things in there about what the future's going to look like. Here is uh the most important chart that you'll see in terms of the competition for tech**[36:24]**in terms of the competition for tech stocks. So, Stripe, which basically is the, you know, the the has access to all of the data of startup businesses in this country. anyone that's doing uh anything where they're using stable coins, where they're using payment service, remember these guys are massive now and they're growing rapidly. Uh this was the most interesting chart. So this is how long it took to get 5 million ARR for a SAS for a SAS company. This is how long it took for the AI the AI 100. This is what it's taking now for the new AI. So I just want you to realize the competition is happening so fast. These companies are scaling so rapidly. The other thing he says is the retention collapses. So it's not just how fast they get to this number, they also peter out faster and they collapse faster. People move on to a new tool. That is the world we're in. When you see your kids and you're like, I don't understand how this kid is playing video games all the time or why they're gambling or why they're doing uh whatever gaming all the time. It's a completely different world and it's not about 65year-olds anymore. It's changing number of businesses growing from 1 million to 10 million ARR per month. This is not a bare market. This is not a recession people. These are businesses that are growing rapidly in front of your eyes. You have to pay attention to what's going on in these markets. So from that Peter Diamandez thing they talk about the inference revolution is outpacing Moore's law. We are moving at such a fast pace here. It's unthinkable where we will be in a year. If you watch the Stripe thing, they're doing things with cursor. Cursor now has 300 million in ARR. I mentioned them, I think my first video last summer, having built my first app ever from natural language processing. He Patrick Collison does that on stage in the Stripe side. Eric Schmidt powering the world. I've talked about this. We don't have enough power for the AI. Everyone saying AI is overhyped is missing the fact that it's**[38:26]**overhyped is missing the fact that it's not only underhyped, it's accelerating at such a fast pace. And then AI agents, they go through the whole thing of where we are on this. Again, these guys are just talking about what the future's going to look like. Every time you look at a tariff chart from the 1800s and the 1900s, think about what you're doing. That is not the future. That is the past. Hundreds years ago, people riding horses. Um, Visa, Mastercard, offer support for AI agents. This just continues. It won't stop. Now he has this very interesting thing and I was thinking of writing a paper on what the new global reserve currency will be and the fact that it is borderless. That is what crypto is about. It is borderless. It is outside the system of the government. It has already won. He talks about the borderless financial services meaning these companies that are all going across borders using stable coins. So bridge which is a company they purchased this is their payment volume growth. This is bridge is doing crossborder payments. So this is allowing kids in Brazil to sell to Americans to do this all using stable all using stable coins. Here's the growth. This is Stripe's growth down here for the first 24 months. This is how fast they're growing relative to what Stripe, which is a unicorn. And they purchased Bridge. This is the the major story that's gone. A uh Andre's Andre Horowitz, stable coins may be crypto's first killer app. Real shot at making it so sending money is more like sending an email. Uh greater stable coin adoption can significantly lower cost for Walmart, for Chipotle, for Kroger. Stable coins all part of it. Stable coin launched in 100 countries. Ramp I talked about how it can be used anywhere in the world. Internet capital markets are being built in real time and it's pretty damn cool. Internet capital markets, again, the public market, the way that you invest has changed. If you want to invest in the new world, here it is, guys. Bitcoin approaching all-time highs. This is**[40:27]**approaching all-time highs. This is going to be a year that you will remember and be forced to deal with Bitcoin because you have nothing else to invest in. It's not going to work with miners and Coinbase and all this other stuff. You have to put the work in and start understanding why this is not what you read in the paper like the tariffs and the recessions uh from the people out there. You have to go spend the time. It's an ecosystem that's growing and Bitcoin is getting more adoption and it will continue to go. But at some point this year, we're going to run into a problem because I think we're going to have a squeeze. I talked about that on uh this week's uh video with Anthony Pompiano. Uh 19 straight days of Bitcoin ETF inflows. 19 during a market where people are bearish. So, Bitcoin, plenty of adoption on the ETF side. So, just think about who's buying it. We won't find out. More institutions are buying it. Growing institutional adoption of crypto. You've got massive deals that have happened uh in in uh issuance. You had the Howard Lutnik thing. Uh you've got a bunch of spaxs coming out. You've got Sailor doing what he's doing, raising to buy more. OC approves banks to embrace Bitcoin. Regulatory shift boost crypto boost crypto adoption. Uh Coinbase in one of the largest crypto deals, $2.9 billion deal for major crypto options platform Derbit. Um I talked about how there's no deals happening in the US or IPOs that's going on. All this is happening and look at Bitcoin in Google trends. Not a single care in the world by people. Uh this is the kind of stuff you want to see in bull markets. you want to see massive breakout through all-time highs while the equity market is doing nothing and no one's paying attention uh for stable coins and other digital assets to thrive. This is uh Bessant responding to the fact that Senate did not approve the Genius Act for at this point for the stable coin bill. Uh this will lead again to backlash against Democrats. The Democrats are the one who voted against moving forward on it. I I don't understand how a political party can**[42:27]**understand how a political party can commit suicide uh constantly, but good luck to trying to fight a huge majority of people in this country that are benefiting from the growth in Bitcoin. Uh 30 million users here, more people involved in it. It gives people hope. My kids have Bitcoin reserves. Like I I I just don't know how you sit there and make decisions based on on uh on wanting to control things uh when this is happening whether it's here around the globe. New Hampshire first in the nation to strategic Bitcoin reserve. So we have our first state. Arizona half in half half out, but the governor did sign a law for state to keep unclaimed crypto. So it's a move in the right direction. Uh JD Vance will be speaking uh at Vegas this month in Bitcoin 2025. So again, there'll be more news coming out in the next couple weeks. Morgan Stanley says, "Bitcoin has sufficient market cap to be a US government reserve asset, suggesting a $370 billion allocation. Remember, it wasn't that long ago Morgan Stanley wouldn't even talk about Bitcoin." Uh, all this is changing. I'm going to keep bringing this up every week that there's more news on it. Van, uh, if not the preeminent, one of the preeminent houses in terms of research on crypto, introduced a 110 billion bit bonds proposal to help the US government acquire more Bitcoin and refinance part of its national debt. I talked about bit bonds last week and just to finish off uh from the page six merchants of cons before the cons film festival will start accepting Bitcoin and crypto this summer. All right, that's it from me. Uh remember tariffs are from the uh 18 and early 1900s and Bitcoin and AI are today. Stop looking at your tariff stuff. Start realizing this is a service-based economy. I'll see you next week.