---
title: "Financials Are Warning Something Is Wrong: Oil, AI and Credit Are Colliding"
channel: "My turbulence model is flashing signals we normally see after the S&P has already fallen, but this time they’re firing before the drawdown. That distinction matters."
channel_slug: jordi-visser
video_id: i2EqV1gPnrw
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2EqV1gPnrw
upload_date: 2026-03-08
duration: "56:15"
description: "In this week's video, I explain why 2026 is shaping up as a year of deleveraging. That doesn’t mean bearish, but it does mean conditions are structurally different from anything we’ve seen since 2007."
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-09
---

# Financials Are Warning Something Is Wrong: Oil, AI and Credit Are Colliding

**Channel:** My turbulence model is flashing signals we normally see after the S&P has already fallen, but this time they’re firing before the drawdown. That distinction matters.
**Date:** 2026-03-08
**Duration:** 56:15
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2EqV1gPnrw

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]** Uh, sorry for the mic confusion last week. Apparently had some issues with the mic. So hopefully we're back to normal this week. Um, things keep uh snowballing right now. So um there's a lot to cover. I think we're uh you know the message of this week before I go through this is that you know I I think uh everyone is thinking way too binary on everything. I think this year is going to be very complicated the way things have started and especially since credit is becoming more of an issue. And if there's one thing that I have been through since the beginning of my career, the '9s for me was all about emerging markets and credit events. Uh, I enjoy credit events because usually it ends up with uh the Fed needing to come in and do something and especially when it involves retail being trapped and that's effectively where we are. So, thanks again to everyone who's been reaching out. Uh, you know, hopefully the webinar from 10 days ago helped you guys prepare uh with the VIX. Uh there's a lot more ideas and I'm going to be doing a lot more um for the site over the course of the next month. Uh the video should be done in terms of training for AI. I'll go through a little bit of that um when we get into some of the idea portion. But I do think again this is more of a trading environment. I think this is going to be a year of deleveraging. Uh it's not a bearish thing. It is a necessary thing that has to happen because of the crowdedness in covariance models for risk. Uh I'm writing a paper this week comparing this time in my opinion to LTCM and the Quantquake uh back in 2007. And for those of you again think this is bearish. Both of those years um you know we went much we we went up higher levels after that. Uh this is going to be a year where I still think AI is going to dominate. Earnings will be good. Uh growth will be fine. Uh it'll probably uh depend somewhat on oil now. But I'll **[2:04]** uh depend somewhat on oil now. But I'll go through all of that and uh we'll keep trying to make money together. So, I just wanted to bring this up because this is the one thing I will say and if you guys saw the viral um Glenn Beck uh interview with George Washington, AI avatar George Washington uh in X, he did mention one thing in there. There was one thing that in my opinion was factual which is important for the rest of this year. To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace. I'm doing this from your portfolio. Uh I think you need to be prepared for more to go on. And I think people that are just looking for a bottom to buy things thinking we're going to go through what we went through from the end of 22 until this is not going to happen. Uh this is not liberation day. These problems cannot go away with just a reversal of something that the administration decides. uh regardless and people are too focused right now on Iran and I agree this is a very important thing for the markets and will have an overhang but it's not the only thing going on. I've been more focused on AI and credit and that's where I'm going to continue to drive this. So I just want to make sure you realize this is a different environment than before and the conditions of the market matter as an old handicapping uh side. You can spend all your time handicapping a race like the Kentucky Derby and then all of a sudden if you get two inches of rain, you can pretty much throw out the playbook that you had in there because the rain changes the conditions of the market, especially financials and credit changes the game plan for this year. So, as traders and as people trying to make money, you can still focus on the names that are going to do well related to AI. Uh there's going to be a lot more choppiness. You're going to have to trade more this year. So again, AI is disrupting everything. And I just put this up there because this week was another week of all of the AI disruptions. If you don't think Iran is related to AI, both through the anthropic fight beforehand and how much artificial intelligence is being used or **[4:04]** artificial intelligence is being used or because again Iran, Venezuela, Cuba, even with Greenland, the first three proxies for China, we have a meeting coming up with shei. Energy is obviously a major part of this. you just get into a situation where regardless of whether it's the disruption for software, the labor, we had a negative job print, we'll go through that, the government trying to get more involved with AI, the speed of everything where I'm making the argument that debt verse equity are converging to one because we're shrinking the time period. You don't know what three years are going to look like. So what's the difference between debt and equity and the capital structure if you can't save with certainty if business is going to survive in three years? And then the commodity side, the need for minerals, the need for controlling this after the rare earth uh card was played last year. I think this is all relevant. Um my turbulence model, this is a new turbulence model for those of you subscribers and people at 22V, you got this. Um I'm just highlighting it again for people, particularly for people on the uh RA and FA world where we've been getting a lot more interest. My job this year is not only to teach you AI and help you um be able to service your clients better by using some of the tools that I use, but also by giving you the types of models that I think are going to be very important in a world of deleveraging. So you understand the best way for me to describe what turbulence model is. It is a way to measure the P&amp;L, not the actual up or down, but the daily P&amp;L change that's going on for anything that is a levered uh say model, quant strategy, hedge fund, that's a multistrat, anything along those lines that has a an element of cross asset in it. But even really, as we're going to see this week, what happened with momentum, it just means the daily V is going higher. And what I want you to look at uh on the bigger piece, this is the environment we've now been in and the market hasn't yet fallen. So, we're starting to get it. You look at the times where we had **[6:04]** You look at the times where we had clusters like this one and I this is a second model that I built this week. This week is meant to be more representative of the current situation. So, the past one that I've shown you guys uh use a 250 day 252-day look back or one year worth of trading days. This one is exponentially weighting it towards the more near-term just to get signals that are more representative of the volatility. And you can see that most of the time when you get these clusters, it's after we've had a down move in the S&amp;P. These are happening before we have it. That says to me this is going to be a deleveraging period for the entire year. And it comes when the prime brokerage numbers for uh for leverage from the OFR up at all-time highs. This is a multistrat um one and you can see the massive move since 23. This is from the Q3. So it doesn't show the current situation but with volatility or coar moving higher with correlations breaking down you will need less leverage to generate the same daily P&amp;L which means leverage is going to come down. It is not a directional thing but it does mean that when you see this happening which historically happens during deleveraging cycles is the VIX goes higher. We closed at 29 almost 30. I mentioned uh on the webinar and I think last week that I think for certain we'll get to 30. Well, now we've gotten there. The question is with this kind of situation. We've got a lot of oversold signals where we bounce back down. But you see this upward trending move which to me is the way that the move index looked in rates V. I think because of the liquidity needs that are going to keep coming through private credit and the spreading of this which is showing up in all the credit markets that the VIX will be the liquid part and I do think there is a high high risk if I'm my scenario is correct of us getting up into these levels before um the stuff that I put in my portfolio I sold a little bit on Friday but my goal is really uh to hedge things into 50 these things were put on to hedge the commodity the um semiconductor and **[8:06]** commodity the um semiconductor and things like that it has worked Well, I want to be in a position to add. This is going to be a critical thing for me and I'm going to talk about this in terms of the conditions side. So, think of this chart as representative of the sloppy conditions for a racetrack. The two inches of rain. You have to think and throw the playbook out. This is the financial sector. It continues to be weak. It is below the 200 day moving average. And now the 200 day moving average is pointed downward. Never a good sign for the market. Uh people keep focusing too much attention on this. This is software relative to the S&amp;P. Only thing I want you to look at is just how violent this fall is and how this move was so smooth, nothing going on. And that's where software was. My guess is best case scenario is we go sideways for a long time. Uh I don't think we're going to collapse from here because I think we've already done enough damage. But this fall for a sector that is arguably the most important in the world and is heavily dominated by the US it is leading to some of the credit issues as we've seen. Now the big news this week oil gets above 80. There is no way to ignore this. Too many people uh are I think have been conditioned especially on the sell side to believe that these things uh always turn around and that's because of taco. uh they just have this belief that Trump is going to not let the economy get hurt. This one's obviously a little bit more complex uh and it does involve the Straits of Hormuse and unfortunately we've reached a point where as the oil got above 90 for WTI uh you've reached a point where the straight of Hormuse is definitely an issue that has become a bigger issue. I you know this may end at some point but the question is how much damage has already been done? Uh we're losing 450 million barrels per month with no ships. This is not just oil. This goes into smelting, refined metals, coals, chemicals, fertilizer. coals, chemicals, fertilizer. They will all go up in price. This is **[10:07]** They will all go up in price. This is pretty similar to 2022 as I go through some of the actual numbers. Like gas at the pump is now up 33 cents. Here are the weekly moves going back to 2004. This is 22 years. Just remember what happened to inflation and what happened to the market in these conditions. So we've reached a point already where this is not good for the economy. And remember whenever I talk about things, the thing that would make the S&amp;P trade poorly is if something happened to change the certainty on earnings and to change the certainty on the economy. Well, this does both. Um we're going to have inflation prints which are extremely high just based on the movements that we've seen. And normally the way that I look at oil prices or gas prices, I look for the CPI for March uh to end some middle of the month. So I always look from like February midmon to March midmon. So when we get these numbers um in April, you're going to have a very high CPI print on the headline number. Whether it goes through the core, through the core, not that important, but here are the CPIs relative to gas at the pump. Um, Um, so you you've got that issue in terms of of all this. I forgot. Did I include something? Oh, yeah. I just wanted to show this. I didn't I didn't speak to it. So, this is using the Arbob futures versus gas. And so, currently, we're actually got another, you know, 40 cents based on where we were just based on this. If this comes through, we may not get there because futures could turn back down. We could get oil to fall back down. You know, something could happen. But the reality is gas at the pump is not done yet. Uh this is a signal that China doesn't expect this to end anytime soon. They halt diesel gasoline exports. And this is where I just want to bring the attention back because this is the most important thing. This is again this week. Blackstone hit with a wave of redemptions. Uh investors pull a net 1.7 billion out. There was even more than **[12:08]** billion out. There was even more than that that would came out. they had some inflows somehow um as well. So net went out, the partners had to put some money up to keep it so they didn't have to truly shut it the way Blue did. And then later later Black Rockck limits redemptions. This came out on Thursday that they had a a loan that had been marked just three months earlier at 100 cents on the dollar and moving it to zero. These are just not good signs in terms of the whole thing and it's not over yet. And in my career, I cannot remember one time that a credit issue of this magnitude where it's been going on now for quite some time. I mean, the first wave of it was in October after Tricolor and First Brands. But if you really go through it and you think about everything that's happened and as I get through this, it's starting to get into the data center side into some of the decisions being made on the funding side. I didn't remember Blue Owl is heavily involved in the data center funding side. Um, interval funds are also another place and this was a story that came around about an interval fund. Uh, and if you haven't read it, I would go read it and just go through uh Cliff Water Corporate Lending CLFX. Lending CLFX. You can go look it up yourself. It's about a 32.5 billion one. uh it was part of a private wealth fund fundraising bonanza and again a lot of this happened over the last 5 years and you can see that 24% of that fund is in information technology. The problem is when you're in a position where there's not much trading in those and you have to sell something for redemptions you typically sell the other ones or the ones where you can get the cash in if there's no liquidity in the others. And the problem is you're starting to see more and more of these cracks. And if you sell the other ones, that's what takes the credit down wider. And then you have people buying hedges. And that's what we're starting to see. You had Mark Rowan from Apollo who probably has a pretty good idea of this. They must be in a decent position because **[14:08]** must be in a decent position because he's saying private cracks are widening. Lloyd Blankfine said it's due for a reckoning. I watched the p or I listened to the podcast. Uh I didn't use any of the quotes from it, but um private credit is definitely an issue. And his point was when you go this long without an issue, you're probably going to have one. And remember we did have an issue which was Silicon Valley Bank and I keep saying to people especially on conversations uh that Silicon Valley Bank if we learn one lesson in the digital world of social media world if something starts spreading very quickly then everyone tries to get their money out at the same time. It's not like you're losing a lot of money if you try to get your money out of private credit at this point. Yes, it was giving you uh returns above, but clearly the risk that you're taking going forward with the tech names there, I think this is spreading quickly and so PIMCO said should face full-blown default cycle. If you want to go learn more about how this extends even further from private credit and it starts to get into how did this actually happen that retail was able to buy it. Steve Eisman who um is obviously famous from uh from his financial work and he's a very smart financial guy. He has the Steve the real Eisman playbook. He did talk about it this week and he had on in particular a person who knows the insurance industry real well and that's where this ends up guys. So, this all extends in the connection between private credit, insurance, and the retail connection. These are all the things in it. I'm not going to go read them. I highly recommend listening to the about 30 minute podcast uh that was there. Uh if you guys don't know where it is or you can't find it, uh as is for all the subscribers and 22V people, there is one uh one that goes up on the website that has a link and a summary of all of those podcasts. And then Goldman uh was trying to get this uh this buyout loan for DuPont done. We've also got the same thing with um EA, which is the largest buyout uh maybe in history, but **[16:11]** buyout uh maybe in history, but regardless, they're just having trouble getting this stuff to the market. Now, um I listen to Ryan Dietrich every week. Not picking on him, but I do think we've reached a point where you have to make a decision in your head. Again, if we're in a different playbook than we've been in the past, the there's no doubt in my mind that right now um sentiment is on the negative side. We haven't seen in some indicators. I'm going to show you some things that I've built. Uh, but I think people trying to pick the bottom like Scott Rubner and just saying with oil moving higher and no certainty on it with the credit situation and with AI going in an incredibly fast pace which is where my focus is. I believe the a disrup AI disruption is causing all of this and again unless people are using AI all day long and they're on OpenClaw and they have some knowledge of how much the stuff is progressing more than just a chatbot. I think you're living in a world right now, which is why I'm trying to help people, but in particular spending more time, not just with the institutional clients at 22V on what's going on, but also spending time with advisors. Um, I think this is going to be a very complicated time for people, and everyone seems to be looking for when the bottom of this is. Now, we're coming out of one of the tightest ranges, ranges, especially for this point of the year. So, this is specifically taking the tight range we've been in, which I showed on the webinar with the Ballinger band for the S&amp;P, but this is it for the beginning of the year. And normally, when you get tight ranges, you get a break. And I just don't see this being something that is going to break higher with the oil situation, with the AI situation, with the credit situation. I don't see all three of those going away. So, even if the oil thing were to go back and we were at $65 oil, I think we'll go back to the highs. But the question is, will financials be able to get out of here? And will the credit unwind that's been happening just stop? I don't believe any of those are the most likely scenarios. So again, I put this out. Um, I just wanted to make sure that people saw, but when my turbulence **[18:12]** that people saw, but when my turbulence model is telling me that there's deleveraging happening, at the same time that financials are below the 200 day moving average and the 200 day moving average turned down for the first time since 2023. since 2023. Like I said, the conditions of the market have changed. Um this is something that I will start uh putting up also for the subscribers. It's going to be a combination of just a technical side of things to make sure that you have kind of a playbook of the how things are trending. These are all the different indices right now. You can see how everything right now is in a downtrend. When you get a breath of things that are in a downtrend, particularly since they were all up in a uh uptrend and when you look at the weeklies, we're losing most of the buy signals. We still have one for EWZ. We still have one for TLT. We're neutral on it's neutral on EM. This is not John Ro's work. Whenever I'm doing the thematics is when I'll get John's when I put out a new piece. But for a lot of the names that I've recommended to people, I do think it's important to stay on top of the technical picture on those. Uh Palanteer Act great this week. I'm going to write a paper this week uh on Marll for subscribers along with uh at least one other name that I think fits into kind of trying to find names that maybe are going to be part of the thematic picture that I've been talking about. But that'll be going on. Then the other thing I'm I I've kind of finished up on and I just wanted to highlight this. So I did want to have an oversold indicator that basically takes into account the way that I look at oversold and overbought. I want to see something on the breath side. We have not had a panic in breath yet. So, we haven't really had any big negative days in breath. And I think when we finally do make a bottom, you're going to see that. So, what this thing is is this is a model thing. When it actually gets to an oversold condition, you're going to get these dots. Uh you can see that like the last one we got was here. Here. They generally happen as kind of an ending point. We got a lot of them during liberation day. Uh so you know a lot of signals in there which meant we got **[20:13]** signals in there which meant we got oversold and we sat there. It uses the VIX. We closed outside the Ballinger band. So we have a uh oversold on the VIX. We have an oversold on the VIX term structure meaning front month fall is above three threemon out the demar signal not there yet from an exhaustion basis. It's the breath and the RSI of the breath that is just not there at this point. Uh so we'll get there. Uh we're not there yet but I just wanted to bring that up. And this is just to highlight to you what has happened basically on the muddy track analogy when the financial this is the financial 200 day moving average. It just turned down here. So that's where this line is turned down here. These are the S&amp;P draw downs. Every time we've had a draw down in the S&amp;P of at least 15% or at least 10% let's say but eventually 15. And these were all periods that in 15 this was related to oil which was a credit event. And eventually you had the US Shanghai accord that happened here. That's what had the market go higher. Here is the 18 period. This low here where it ended that was when the Fed pivoted. Meaning they were they had just started to go through the point of tightening and then they stopped right after that. Uh that was after a again a 20% correction in here. COVID, we obviously got the massive stimulus and then in 22 we didn't bottom until the Fed pivoted and said they were done with rates. So again, I think you're in a situation where normally when you get the financial sector turning down, think of it as financial conditions. Financial conditions are bad right now. You've got financials down below the 200 day and the 200 day is pointing down, which means it's not just a short-term thing. It's been going on for a while. At the same time, you have credit showing tons of strain and you have the VIX trending higher. The S&amp;P hasn't fallen yet, but I think the best case scenario in my mind is that we're kind of playing with a ceiling and we don't **[22:13]** of playing with a ceiling and we don't have a floor. We could bounce from here just because we're oversold like I showed on some of the indicators. But I still think you're going to find supply into this because I don't think the negative stories completely built in. Now, the S&amp;P was only down 2% for the week. It was the worst week since November. November. NASDAQ barely down one and a quarter. IWM's down worse, worst week since August. Um, they've obviously had a tremendous amount of good weeks, but again, you started to run into momentum unwind. So, Bitcoin was up because Bitcoin had been down. So, everything now was kind of a screw you week. Uh, the VIX on a weekly basis was up 10 points aside from this period in 2025. It was the biggest since going into the rate hike cycle. So again, if you think, well, the VIX is up, that's a panic, just remember and go look at equities back here. That's why I'm saying if if financial conditions have changed, which right now with oil, which is an inflation part, credit, which is already widening, which has been driven by first software, but then also by a structural unwind of private credit where retail wants their money back and no liquidity in the market for the things that they're in. Financial conditions have changed. We've barely budged on CDX. So CDX for IG or sorry high yield has not even gone anywhere yet. Uh I don't think we're near the point of the levels that are going to be representative of people actually being scared on things. Uh I don't think we're there. The advanced decline line like I said breath. So this takes decliners uh uh relative to advancers. So I look for days where you're at least going to get up close to 10 to one. We haven't had a day yet 5 to one. We haven't had a big sell day. There just hasn't been a day where everything went down, which means hedge funds are doing well so far year to date. It might I'm sure they're losing uh gains, but they're still up for the year. Semis and all these trades that people had clearly moved into finally sold off and that's why you got the momentum trade unwind. So this is the week for momentum. It was the worst week since liberation week. But even **[24:14]** week since liberation week. But even before then, you got to go back all the way again to 2022. So when you start seeing weeks like this and remember you start seeing them that's not the bottom if if this is an unwind now I happen to think we are going to make a bottom down lower but for now the conditions have changed this is one month mo so this is basically trades that people have had on so this is the winner momentum created just for the last month this is the worst since covid worst since covid technology so this is just techmo again worst since around the covid period And that's because of semis relative to IGV which now has given back about uh looks like about 40% of the gains year to date which was a massive number. So it's not anything structural and if this is the trade you had on yeah you're feeling pain over the last whatever days. It may not feel good but you're not down for the year. So you're still sitting there looking to play offense. The Cosby I mean this is the daily move and I don't want you to just look at this. I want you to look at this, too. I mean, we're talking big sizable moves that typically when this kind of stuff is happening, there's usually something some sort of deleveraging going on. Um, gas at the pump is one thing. I think this is a major major problem. Uh, this is jet fuel. Uh, this is a, you know, this gets into a incredible move that has just huge implications for travel costs. this needs to come back down, but this is even worse than anything we saw leading into the inflation side. So, just be very careful right now with following people that are saying nothing's going on. This is the gas at the pump move just to show you the chart. Uh inflation swaps, they've moved out, but really the one year and the two-year, which is what you have here, they're they're they're out to 290. They're still under 3%. It's not that big of a move. Um so they are building it in but not huge yet. We got a negative payroll number. Um in the **[26:16]** a negative payroll number. Um in the same way that I show that health uh if you strip out health and uh I'm sorry yeah health and education almost all the numbers in this for the last year have been negative. In this case the reason we had a negative 92 is because we didn't we had a we had a minus 95 or minus 160 something relative to last month for health. If we don't get health jobs there's no jobs. So for everyone, again, I say this every week. If you're in the debate of AI is not impacting jobs, you're wrong. You're absolutely positively wrong. Is it going to destroy the economy? No. Is it having an impact? Absolutely positively. There is no way anyone can convince me that at this point we are not seeing it. So when you see these things of like, hey look, software engineer postings are up. The reality is just go back to here. There is no job creation ex healthcare. Healthcare is the one place if you go look at the the the clawed code where it's going to disrupt jobs. It leaves health care alone. This is an unprecedented time and it shows up on the diffusion side. So here's the three-month diffusion for the labor market. We got the payroll numbers. Three-month diffusion. This didn't just start. This has been going on since 2024. We literally have no hiring and that's the way to go. This isn't about firings. I don't think we're going to have an unemployment rate where Satrini put it. Um, but I do think hiring is going to remain muted and I think there's going to be a churn when people do get fired. If they get fired, they're probably going to go to a startup or go go to another place. They're going to get another job. There's going to be a lot of displacement, but because AI is not being adopted by everyone, we still have a labor shortage overall. So, I wrote a paper on this with investor implications. I think this is really important especially for macro people just to have a sense of AI and how it's disrupting the same way I went through and said that AI is causing all of these issues. I know most people don't get a chance to use it as much as I do by not using it all the time. You have to read something that converts it back into a **[28:17]** something that converts it back into a macroeconomics. If you're reading Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley and all of this stuff and I've seen the work sent to me, I can't even read it anymore. Same thing goes for people on the sell side research for names. AI is changing so rapidly, guys. And now with OpenClaw, I don't see OpenClaw mentioned from anyone. We're going to get into that. It has a huge disruption to the economy. Here we are year-to date. So again, energy, staples, industrials, materials, utilities still lead. And again, you've got consumer discretionary tech underperforming. Most people to some degree have this trade on. I don't think people went into the year getting long a bunch of these. They may have gotten caught, but again, financials the worst performing group. Can't say this enough, guys. When the financials are down this much, financial conditions by definition are worsening. definition are worsening. And if you want another example of it, here's the 15-year chart of financials relative to the S&amp;P, the white line, and 10ear rates. So, for everyone playing for tenure rates to go higher because of the oil situation, we have a credit and a labor situation, which to me is the dominant thing, and oil is not going to help the situation. Oil is a temporary thing. it will be demand destruction and if it's demand destruction and inflation goes higher but we also see real GDP come down I I just think as people go through this and they realize that the credit market is already tightening and energy is not going to help that that this all relates back to what is going to happen to the economy so open AI funding funding just to put it in perspective they raised $110 billion this private market funding round is about four times larger than the biggest IPO. So you're just talking about a massive private raise and it surpassed the March one which was 40 billion. Then you got Enthropic, you got XAI. So all of this the AI spending the AI spending it just continues. Now we got more information on information on the ARR for OpenAI 25 billion is the run **[30:20]** the ARR for OpenAI 25 billion is the run rate. Okay. valuation 840 annualized for anthropic with just hyper speed. So they're growing much faster. They're catching up to open AAI and at this pace they're going to surpass them. Their valuation seems like a bargain compared to Open AI. I worry about this situation cash burn all the stuff in there. I think you have to start keeping all this in mind and I think you have to go back and look at some of the things which I'll get into later. Jensen Yuang, Open Claw is probably the single most important release of soft for probably ever. If you don't know what OpenClaw is, I'm assuming most of you haven't used it. used it. If you don't know what it is, when Jensen Yuang says it's now the single most downloaded open source software in history, and it took three weeks, you have to start paying attention. And if you don't think it's real, just I'm I'm just including these all of these meetups, viral meetups that are going Open Claw Builder Day in Toronto, London, London, New York, New York, LA, LA, and of course, 1500 people gathered within three days notice for an open claw meetup in Shenzhen. This one I'm not going to even bother showing. It's another one that just shows how big it is. This one, people are lining up in China to get help installing OpenClaw. installing OpenClaw. Again, if you don't know what it is, this podcast I highly recommend going to listen to. It's not all on OpenClaw, but he goes through the macro implications of this for the tech side. He frames, this is uh Peter Murdoch, who's part of Insight's partner, so he's a VC person out there. Uh frames the current awesome. awesome. It's harmless out at sea, catastrophic at the beach. The big real wave isn't generic AI. It's autonomous agents arriving in multiple messy waves. This is open claw. Uh, bolt-on AI may by time. Think of Salesforce and agent **[32:20]** time. Think of Salesforce and agent force, but AI native thinking is the only durable path. I keep saying this to everyone. As someone who builds his own stuff, many of the things I showed you today, I just build them in clawed code myself. I used to have data scientists to do that. If I want to change it, I just go change it. You cannot do this with software. You cannot go into it into buying software off the shelf and recreate something that you have. You have to reach out to them. For those of you in Bloomberg who think Bloomberg is some magical tool, the reason I have to build all this stuff is because I can't do it in Bloomberg. They finally came out with their AI. I used it for one day. I can't use it anymore. A, it's too slow. And B, it's too stupid. So, I don't even really know at this point what to do with people who want to use this data and go through it. I'm sure things will get better over time, but it is very difficult to take a bolt-on AI to any software and actually get it there. You need to have your own data and then you need to use it. And if you need to use it on an Apple Pro MacBook, go do it that way. Uh, he claims many of the toolings that write code like cursor are obsolete. I only bring this up because he's saying the same thing I am, which is we're getting companies that come out, they get to massive valuations and then they stop. The next step is an orchestration layer that root roots house across multiple models. I think you have to go read my Palunteer piece. Uh he predicts orchestration will lift open source models and drive a shift toward cheaper, more tunable AS6 style chips. This is really important. I'll get into the reason why. Autonomous agents, they're choosing things probabilistically. probabilistically. Agents will be doing the choices, humans will be okaying the choices. Very different thing. And this is again my belief too. Systems of record like Salesforce won't melt overnight, but their value depends on adaptation. It also depends on growth. Uh and the buyer of software will shift from humans to agents that as employees. It's one of the reasons why again if there's a billion pieces of software and humans aren't the ones buying them, humans are lazy compared to agents. You have to think about that if you're building a **[34:22]** think about that if you're building a company and you always want the best model, the newest model. I do this all the time. You just go out and find it. Uh, OpenClaw NanoClaw represents the breakthrough enabling autonomous agents. That's why this is so important. The first impact is not h is on hiring, not layoffs. We've talked about that. Small medium businesses will adopt agents first. This is more a stock startup uh conversation, but it's anything in there. I've already seen small businesses that have done this. Enterprise adoption will lag but eventually dominate. eventually dominate. The lag, the question is how long will the lag be? And you have to think about this. It will lag. This is becoming more of a story. And I'm going to bring back why that matters. The adoption speed depends on how fast agent frameworks improve. Agents act more like employees than tools. This is the issue is that open claw cannot work in an agent. As someone who uses it, it makes mistakes. It does things you don't want it to do, which is why I run it in a sandbox, but it still does tons of work for me. It can build me 10 models overnight. I there's just no way that you can compare it. It's like having a mediocre employee at this point. And then at some point, it'll be having a very good employee. Maybe it'll never get to a great employee, but to get to a great employee is what the major companies need. So, they're going to be slower to adopt because Open Claw is not there yet. his argument it's the end of GPU for everything. It's very important. I wrote a paper on this which I'll go through. Uh cloud verse edge and all of this stuff that happens. There are major investment things that go there. The move away from GPUs and to AS6 is a major thing. A6 A6 A6 and again they can be tuned for specific infr tasks or models improving performance and energy efficiency. Open source models accelerate edge compute. This is the China story again. This is the way I'm running my stuff on Open Claw. And remember, the real bare case for this AI boom isn't a bubble recession. It's your iPhone. In three years, a bulked up iPhone will be able to run a prune **[36:22]** iPhone will be able to run a prune version of a model. I think we're getting closer than most people realize to that time. I think he's going to be off in terms of the three years, and that means his bare case is coming faster. faster. combine what Peter said, the guy on the podcast with the thematic paper I wrote. Does his view support this? And basically it goes through where it supports it. Uh agents drive hardware specialization. That is the thing again where you're getting into a different uh layer. AS6 and model on chip align with the memory centric architecture thesis. AI hardware evolving around model plus memory plus compute code design. And the reason that's important is that's what this whole thing is about. So again, for you subscribers and for the people there, the names on here, you should go through and you should start spending time. I will write a paper on one of them that came through. I want to highlight this again because I've shown you guys this before. This is the way that I go from a podcast to ideas. I will be releasing the final four videos this week for the subscribers on this to show you how to do this. It will include the prompts for each one. So, even if you don't want to spend the time truly going through this, I will give you basically instructions on how to do this, how to use the LLM. I highly recommend paying for all of them. But regardless of the point, even if you do it for one month, for those of you looking to figure out how to train your analysts and do things, and I've done these presentations before, I know that the majority of people are not using them to this manner. This will help you, and you will get the prompts as well. This way, you can go do it on your own. That's why from the subscriber basis, regardless of who you are, if you do this for mutual funds and you just want to go through and analyze which mutual funds are right, you can do this with anything. anything. Um, and these are the prompts and the stuff just to give you an idea of the things that'll go through. So, um, I also remember for those of you who who reached out this week, we do upload all of the video the podcast that I'm **[38:24]** all of the video the podcast that I'm about to go through. Uh, so this way all you have to do is go copy this from the website. You can go watch it if you want. I include a summary. I include the timestamps. That way it makes it easy for you. If you don't know where it is and you want to go read about the Moonshots podcast, you can just go in there and get it. So that way when I go through the summary, it's not in in this particular case. The Moonshots one really got into real one important thing for me. Um, you can read in here what it's getting in. It's completely changing the computing stack. The foundation models are the new computational base. AI is beginning to act like an operating system. The reason this becomes important is because this is what they're saying. And I think this becomes important for anyone trying to again understand the the the software side. I don't think you can say software is going to be built if you're not using AI. If you don't understand everything that's changing and you don't understand Andre Carpathy saying software 2.0 is completely different than this one. So this is the traditional one. If you go through the shift that are happening through agents, how agents change it and the autonomous systems in terms of what goes on, all of the software stuff, if you're just saying it's not killing this, it is killing this. It's completely changing the computing stack. The operating system is going to be completely different. So unless you can describe and go through this and understand it and go ahead take a photo of it, upload it into an LLM and ask it to describe to you and ask what it means for SAS companies. This is what all of the people in Silicon Valley are seeing and talking about now. So if you're trying to go out and pick software stocks that have been repriced, the reason they've been repriced is because this doesn't exist anymore and that's where they thrived. Now it's this. Some of them may survive this. Most of them will not. And so remember, Palunteer is built for this, not for this. So when you guys are questioning Palunteer and I saw someone put something out, whoa, how can you buy 50 times more? I you got to go look at the way the world **[40:24]** you got to go look at the way the world is changing and not just make these grandiose binary statements. It's expensive. You can't buy it. Um consulting firms. So if you guys look at the uh IT services space, it's been destroyed with software. I think you can go I'd rather pick out some of the the names in there that are also technically in the software index the names like Asenture and thing and some of the companies in there and the reason is because the enterprises have to figure out how to adjust to this and to adjust to this it's fairly complex and their organization is incredibly complex. It was much easier to just go buy software products but to actually get your operating system to work you need to have consultants. So I think they're going to have a boom. That's what they talked about in in the near term the transformation could sign significantly increase demand for advisory services. So I happen to agree with that. I don't see how it's not going to go any way. And this was also brought up on this. If you if you don't listen to this every week, particularly if you're not in the finance business and you're trying to figure out how to use AI, aside from just subscribing to my stuff and getting my videos, listen to this podcast every week. I think these this this is the best one for people who are not looking to necessarily invest in it. I think there's investment ideas that come out too, but I think for using it, it's a great one. They covered the anthropic versus US defense department for about a half hour. I think it's important actually for 40 minutes, I guess. Went through the funding round and then uh they talked about an interview with with the Claude code person and how he's not done not done his own code at all since Opus 4.5 came out. uh but they also get into the enterprise point and why it's taking so long and how open AAI is now in a push to get inside big companies. So this is where the competition So Anthropic clearly has won the enterprise. OpenAI has been having trouble monetizing with consumer customers. So now they're making a big push to get inside companies. That does two things. One is it creates competition for anthropics. So they're fighting for the same pie much more so **[42:26]** fighting for the same pie much more so when it was apparent that they weren't fighting for it. But now they're partnering up and doing a whole bunch of things meaning Open AI. So this changes things. Frontier Alliances, the enterprise adoption machine, they highlight Mckenzie, BCG, Assenture as partners for OpenAI. So they're really trying to get the implementation because the models are are ready. It's the organizations that aren't there. And that's what we're talking about is the capability overhang. How do they get more people companies to use AI when the models are already at levels that are good enough? And so they're taking an entire approach entire approach to get involved with this. Um, in this case, they're trying to replace Salesforce and Workday. But again, this gets into that that image I showed you in terms of how the computer stack inside an organization is changing. It's so complex that it's very difficult. Remember, all I showed was what the new setup would look like. That does not solve them having all these data issues that they have to clean up. It is going to take a lot longer time in my opinion for the adoption at the enterprise level to have a meaningful impact on their margins especially while the cost of all this stuff is going dramatically higher in the short term. Uh again more open AI into their frontier stuff. Why enterprise AI ambition is slowing down in 2026. That cannot happen. This is where all of them need. They've made a huge bet. This is again from Dennis and the team at 22V. Great chart. I may show this a lot, but again, cash return as a percent of net income is at very low levels. They've made a huge bet. And we go back to this interview that Jim Chenos did. If you guys didn't see it, it's from months ago. I highlighted it uh before, but I bring it up again, and you can go get this in that video podcast info that I put in. Why Oracle is the fragile link. Oracle reports earnings this week. So does Adobe, but Oracle is the only one that I care about from an importance perspective. And the reason is when you start connecting all the dots. Um the dots. Um I told you that Jim Chenos was not super **[44:27]** I told you that Jim Chenos was not super bearish on this, but he was very honest about the Oracle situation and the fact that they have negative free cash flow already and they're making a huge bet and they assume AI revenue inflection by 2027 2028. The problem is again you need the enterprises to adopt on this. If it's all being used by open-source China models that we're downloading onto Apple, Apple stuff is selling off the shelf. To me, that is an indication at this point that something bad is happening. You have startups using open-source. open-source. You don't have the enterprise is going at the pace that you would like for issues that they have. And here's the other part. Oracle's customers are part of the problem set. All this is fine until VC tightens, uh, credit tightens, sentiment turns, or the market starts funding losses. We're getting closer to that because of the credit issues. So, just remember Oracle's free cash cash flow yield and the trajectory, the bet they've taken. So, they're going to be reporting. Remember, this is already starting to show up in terms of how are we going to change the situation. So, as he tried to raise more money, clearly this became an issue. remember this Brad Gersonner and him basically walking off after Brad said, "How are you going to pay with only, you know, at the time 14 billion in revenues for 1.4 trillion in spending by 2030? How are you going to pay for it?" So he walked off stage. That was back in November, I believe. And then in December, December, you got Oracle and Blue Owl in there. At that point, Blue Owl was not a household name. Okay. Well, now they're a household name. household name. OpenAI reset spending expectations. So they went from 1.4 trillion. He walks off the off the set with Brad Gersonner and now he's down to 600 billion. That clearly has something to do with the fund raise and what was going on. Oracle announced thousands of job cuts in face of an AI cash crunch and Oracle drops after report on Friday that it and **[46:29]** drops after report on Friday that it and OpenAI scrap plans to expand a data center site in Texas. Now, when you go through this, they're breaking the the the plan broke down after negotiations dragged over financing and OpenAI's changing needs. It's a sign that the financing demands of the AI boom are causing some of the biggest players to make some tough business decisions and pair their investment ambitions. I'm telling you, this gets important because in a lot of cases, they've had to pre-spend on on on other things. This gets into all the circular deals that we've seen. Again, I do not believe in any way, shape, or form that AI won't be built out. I also am not so sure that we're going to need all the data centers based on everything that's happening and the move that's going with open source and all the edge movements. But I do believe at this point that the market is not ready for any negative news on this. And oh, by the way, we're seeing the issue from the cash return on net income that I showed you from Dennis and the team because the buybacks continue to decelerate. This is another reason to just not be as driven for these bouncebacks on things. You know, there's buybacks happening and so whenever the market gaps down in the morning, we seem to close near, you know, the middle to high of the day. And I think a lot of that has to do still with the buybacks which are buying on down days. But eventually you reach a point where the CTA starts selling. We are close to the first flipping sell signal uh with where we closed on Friday. So, if we do break down this week, uh I think you're going to start seeing a lot more supply that will offset the buybacks, but in particular, if it happens at the end of the day, uh the All-In podcast this week, uh the reason I'm bringing them up, they did talk about SAS, and I think there were, you know, there were there were important things in there, uh again, as to why spending your time on software is just a waste of time. I will say the same thing I say to clients when they call. There's a reason why Ford is the exact same price today as it was in 1990. SAS is not going out of business tomorrow. Ford has not gone out of **[48:29]** tomorrow. Ford has not gone out of business for 36 years. Yet, their stock price is unchanged. You can sit at the same stock price while your multiple compresses because the future is not yours. That is what I think will happen with a good amount of software. So, you have to make your decision. I do like the IT services consultant names for now. I do like the cyber names because I think there's going to be cyber attacks this year and they're still going to be necessary and they have to do the buildout. And I do like Palanteer. If you're looking for AI adoption, I think you want to focus on those names. But I think you also want to be wary that Anthropic and OpenAI and Palanteer are all competitors for the SAS model despite what everyone believes. Uh they are, even if it's just from a growth perspective. AI introduces structural uncertainty. SAS used to be easy to predict. It's not anymore. It goes from a growth annuity to tech technology risk asset. Um, that was from Chimath. And again, I think David Saxs put it perfectly. It was one of the easiest business models to value. And that's where I showed you where SAS relative to the S&amp;P was like a linear increase. It never outperformed by a dramatic amount. It was kind of like a nominal GDP chart. Then you got into COVID and all of a sudden it went parabolic. And the reason was because people were sitting at home and it raised a ton of money in the VC world. valuations went through the roof. Well, now we're in the overhang period, not just in moving the valuations down, but now you have something that's changed, which is SAS is no longer an annuity with growth. annuity with growth. So, it broke that certainty. So, the market compresses multiples, and I think that's a fair way to put everything. Um, it's not the end of the world. They're not going out of business tomorrow. And if you spend your time writing about it and taking a binary approach that this is too bearish, you have to buy them. This is too bullish, you have to do this. I just think at this point they're dead money. and if you want to get involved with them, I think you want to pick the companies that you think are going to thrive over the course of the rest of this year. And I gave you kind of my my my belief on those. Um, he also said that something important that you have to deal with that as the year goes on, if they haven't come back, a lot of these companies have been based on **[50:31]** these companies have been based on stockbased compensation. It'll be very difficult to retain employees. Will they lose the drain? And unfortunately, the software business is not like an auto business. business. uh they really don't have any assets uh except their brand and the technology they have in there. So if people start leaving because they can't attract talent, what happens to those types of places? Uh all right, let's just go through now a few things that were in there this week uh from people that are respected. Uh Kevin Rose basically said the traditional mode of we have better better engineers disappears because of the coding agents and again the coding agents get into the open claw disruption. Josh Wolf, uh, very smart guy. He basically shared this publicly, sent out this memo to all of the, uh, the family founders yesterday to be ready ready for difficult times. Um, and again, he said this isn't a macro call. It's a set of observations about correlated risks that are worth your attention. Got a lot of press because he's a respected person, but he just said you have to prepare for market risks. And I think that includes the macro situation in my opinion. It also includes this. And this is what I want to just make sure you realize. Here is the software market cap in the S&amp;P 1500. It is at $5.4 trillion. Energy is 2.4 and materials is 1.5. The combination of these two should be bigger than this by the time this is done. And this is the reason why I want to be long these and I want to still be short these as a trade. Uh it's run its course for the time being. So you get mean reversion. But remember these this is the the way it looked before software started and I think we're going to get back to that point because we're in a commodity super cycle. Uh and that's because you can go back and listen to this if you want to go back as to uh that podcast. So just to finish this up uh I said it last week, I'm going to continue to say it. You must pay attention to all of this stuff going on with Iran because this just adds another layer for the midterms. AI is a part of **[52:34]** layer for the midterms. AI is a part of every single thing of the midterms. Whether it's the job situation, whether it's the war situation, whether it's the fact that these things are such uh dangerous tools than their nuclear weapons should these big companies actually be able to make decisions with them. It's not just a Republican thing. It'll be a Democrat thing. There's no way that AI will be allowed to run when the risks around it from people like Elon Musk who is 25% that it actually destroys everything. Um AI is the companies here represent a huge part of the market cap. The hyperscalers in all of them. So I think this is an issue where you have to go through and realize that everywhere on the tech side the more this gets between the Pentagon and the AI. What happened with Anthropic? This the Pentagon saying it told anthropic the firm is supply chain risk and how they're going to deal with it. The AI enabled weapons have been used in Iran. Iran. It's scrambling the politics of AI. It was used in the Maduro raid. It was used in Mexico. And I wanted to highlight the fact that Mexican the cartel has drones and AI autonomous drones. The AI sovereignty paradox at home counter foreign relations is a sovereign power truly sovereign power if a private firm can constrain the ability to use what it could be decisive military technology. Um I'm telling you if you're long these companies in size which all of you are and this is the hyperscalers. This gets into all of them. The government is getting more involved and I think will continue to get more involved in AI. I don't know how these things keep their multiples at where they are over the course of the next few years if this is becoming more of a political issue. It is the exact reason why it is the most bullish case for Bitcoin. If the economy is growing and you're having a hard time buying growth assets, buying growth assets, these things will be an issue. Uh again, more just anthropic with the **[54:36]** Uh again, more just anthropic with the military feud. Um open AI workers. So basically what you ended up with is OpenAI decided to do what Anthropic wouldn't. Anthropic got a tremendous amount of uh demand over the weekend. Open AI saw some people cancel. You've got the workers uh in argument about it. And again you've got the data centers uh which are getting delayed across the country uh and slowed down. And I think all of these lead to the same thing which is there's a massive bet on uh AI. The progress is going faster than the adoption is going. The progress going this fast is being mainly used now for AI agents. AI agents allow companies to grow rapidly on the startup side. And that's where most of this is happening. It disrupts any companies at this point that are both not able to use them. And then the bolt-on approach to just take AI and connect it to something. Well, those costs are going higher and higher. And part of it is because the data centers aren't being built enough to keep up with the capacity. And now we're getting into the Oracle side where the credit is starting to impact the space. At a minimum, things are getting more confusing, and I'll keep saying it. The financial sector is something you need to pay attention to. Financial conditions are a lagging indicator. They fall when stocks fall and when credit spreads rise. They are tightening every day and financials are telling you they're going to tighten more. I'm going to help you guys uh get through this war and uh create products and I'll probably do uh more webinars and maybe one this week depending on if we get a day where it looks like maybe a short-term bottom has come in or if we start seeing any kind of change. But for now, hunker down, have a trading mentality, and I'll see you guys next
