---
title: "The Trade Sizing Strategy that Made Me Millions"
channel: "Proper Risk Management trading helps me bet big and win big, so if you want to know how to trade the stock market like me, learn how to size up trading positions when the trade setup is right."
channel_slug: lance-b
video_id: eDdpTNB04ws
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDdpTNB04ws
upload_date: 2025-10-25
duration: "6:30"
description: "Your trading position size determines how much overall profit you can make! My Trading Strategy for winning big is based on increasing my trading size when I see the best trade setups."
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-05
---

# The Trade Sizing Strategy that Made Me Millions

**Channel:** Proper Risk Management trading helps me bet big and win big, so if you want to know how to trade the stock market like me, learn how to size up trading positions when the trade setup is right.
**Date:** 2025-10-25
**Duration:** 6:30
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDdpTNB04ws

---

## Transcript

**[0:02]** For the best traders in the world, 80% of profits come from 5% of trades. That's because they know when to bet big. But most traders size up too early and blow up. Here's when I know it's actually time to go big with my trading positions. Hi, I'm Lance Brightstein, one of Wall Street's top traders, [music] mentor to seven and eight figure traders, and I've made over $und00 million in trading [music] profits thanks to my ability to size up when the setup is right. Let me preface this. It is not for beginners. If you're a beginner, I cannot stress enough how important it is for you to be building out a basic playbook, finding consistency, and learning the nuances of your plays. This whole concept is premised on the idea of you being able to tell an A+ trade from a B trade, and so on. And not everyone can do that. It requires a close eye to nuance and a lot of experience. If you're not confident in knowing whether your trade is just okay, great. or if it's a month-making opportunity in real time, stick to the basics, learn your fundamentals, and come back to this topic when you're ready. The other preface is you must be able to focus on size without letting it alter your system or change your psychology behind your entries and exits. If you are confident in your skill set to the point of being able to focus consciously on your size without letting it change the expected value of your trade, only then can we now proceed. So, what is exponential bet sizing? In a nutshell, it's being able to scale your bet size dramatically with respect to the opportunity or the expected value of a play. There are a few variables that go into doing this successfully. And the first is having a proper understanding of your trades and the grading and sizing system to go along with it. Personally, I'd have trades graded across the scale of A, B, C, and D. And here's how they would differentiate. An A trade, at least for me, occurs one to two times per month. These are memorable, amazing, standout trades that you end up looking back on at the end of the year. These are the trades that you really want to go big on and often bet exponentially if your trading skill allows for it. A B trade for me is something that can happen **[2:03]** for me is something that can happen dozens of times per month. It could mean being the best trade of the day or one of the best couple trades of the day. Pretty common, but still overall pretty great. At the end of the week, you'd likely still review these opportunities. A C trade is just an average everyday trade. Maybe you have a bit of edge. Maybe it's a small scalp, nothing to write home about, maybe a small positive expected value trade, but it's really more of a flyer than anything, and certainly won't be remembered or reviewed. Finally, a Drade is a mediocre 50/50 toss-up trade you just get sucked into because you're bored and probably lose money, especially after commissions. Having such a defined grading system allows me to be very systematic and intentional with my trading and sizing. If I knew in the moment I was just in a B trade, I would try to push it and get $10,000 worth of risk. But if all of a sudden I realized this was transitioning into something special, that it might be the best trade all month, I knew I'd have to push my sizing to be much larger. How would I define that? If liquidity allowed for it, I'd be pushing for an exponential increase and go up to maybe say 100 grand worth of risk. What is great about this method is it allows you to gradually change your betting style. So many people in the trading community believe in equal bet sizing, meaning whether it's an A or a D-grade setup, you size the same every time. Personally, I don't believe that is the most optimal way to do it. Let's take a prime example out of poker. For the sake of simplicity, imagine sitting at the poker table with one other player over the course of two hands and this is what you draw. First 92 and then pocket aces for the other hand. The estimated win percentage or pre flop equity for the above hands looks something like the following. 92 is 38.9% and pocket aces is 85.3%. is 85.3%. If you as the player sitting at the table were to bet equally across each hand above, do you think you'd walk away with any winnings in the long run? The answer is a resounding no due to the fact that you're not taking advantage of exponential bet sizing. When you draw pocket aces, you know that although it's not guaranteed, you have the strongest **[4:04]** not guaranteed, you have the strongest hand possible to start with and it's time to start raising your bets. This is when you have the highest chance to make some money. The question begs, how often do you get dealt aces? Statistically, the probability of being dealt aces is 1 in 221 hands. Given how rarely this happens, if it happens, you need to not only recognize it, but capitalize on it. If you have less than a half% chance of drawing pocket aces that give you close to an 85% probability of winning, you go for it every time. Does it mean you'll always win? Of course not. But over the long run, this will prove to be profitable. That's the equivalent of an A+ trade. You need to be able to recognize and capitalize by betting exponentially bigger. Imagine if the above player bet slightly more when drawing aces compared to drawing something like a 92. That would be insane. As you become conscious of how much risk you're putting on, I recommend you start this with some of the slowest and easiest trades first. You don't need to be pushing size on a breaking news headline where you're already trying to analyze 50 different things all at once. Find the trades that you're able to game plan for. Something that is slowm moving where you can consciously plan how much risk you want, how good the setup is, and what that equates to for you in share size. Now, remember, I'm teaching you what I believe is the most optimal method. Ultimately, you need to do what is right for you. Not everyone wants to bet big and not everyone wants to add skew to their trading. I actually just released a video where I go indepth on the topic of trade sizing with my friend Kyle Williams. So, go check it out after this. If at this point you're wondering what percent of your account should you be risking or how much risk you should have in individual plays, I can't answer that because it's different for everyone. If you've got a strategy where you win 99% of the time, it's inherently going to allow you to size up way more comfortably and quickly than someone whose strategy only hits 10% of the time. At the end of the day, this is just one bet sizing method, and there's many other ways you can do it. This is just my personal preference. Once you're consistently profitable and able to differentiate between the quality of **[6:05]** differentiate between the quality of your plays, that is when you want to consider scaling your size. But the road to overcome the first two requirements is not an easy road. So, make sure you're ready. If you found this video helpful, don't forget to subscribe to catch all of my upcoming content that'll be helpful for anyone serious about becoming a better trader. Thanks for watching and see you next time.
