---
title: "The Macro Minute: Did President Trump crack the door open for President AOC?"
channel: "Did President Trump crack the door open for President AOC?"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: uJARQyB8S-E
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJARQyB8S-E
upload_date: 2026-02-25
duration: "13:50"
description: "In today's video, Darius answers the following question:"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The Macro Minute: Did President Trump crack the door open for President AOC?

**Channel:** Did President Trump crack the door open for President AOC?
**Date:** 2026-02-25
**Duration:** 13:50
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJARQyB8S-E

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Happy Wednesday out there team42. It's your skipper here Darius Dell to present our macro minute for Wednesday February 25th 2026. Hope everyone's having a great week. So as always we'll start with the executive summary from today's leadup morning note. So let's dive right in. Today's key macro question is did President Trump crack the door open for President AOC? President AOC? The short answer is, as we learned from Biden's historically failed presidency, lying to the public about the nationwide affordability crisis reduces the probability of a Republican victory in the 2026 midterm elections and beyond. Terms of analytical nuance, Treasury yields are rising across the curve as US dollar money markets recalibrate towards fewer rate reductions. This comes as crude oil hovers near its highest level since July amid escalating fears that President Trump is positioning for a potential military engagement with Iran. Also contributing to the rise in Treasury yields for reflationary policy signals out of Japan. Longdation JGBs extended their multi-year sell-off following Prime Minister Senate Takaichi's nomination of two perceived doves to the Bank of Japan Policy Board, driving a further depreciation in the Japanese yen, which is down nearly 6% versus the dollar over the past six months. Elsewhere, President Trump projected confidence in the US economic trajectory ahead of the midterm elections in his second State of the Union address, seeking to counter anxieties regarding affordability anxieties regarding affordability through selective emphasis on certain economic data and self-attribution. In quote, "Inflation is plummeting, incomes are rising fast, the roaring economy is roaring like never before," Trump posted early in the nearly two-hour speech, which was the longest speech in State of the Union address history. Reminder, real disposable personal income growth slowed to zero minus 0.1% on a three-month annualized basis and 0.9% on a year-over-year basis in December, the lowest figure since July of 2025 and December of 2022, respectively. Reminder, headline PCE **[2:02]** respectively. Reminder, headline PCE inflation accelerated to 3.1% on a 3-month annualized basis and 2.9% on a year-over-year basis in December, which were the highest figures since March of 2025 and March of 2024, respectively. Reminder, lying to the public regarding the nationwide affordability crisis got President Biden walked out of office and perhaps permanently impaired the Democrat party's brand in the eyes of the American public. President Trump's declining and historically low approval rating suggests investors must prepare for the Republican party to suffer a similar fate in the upcoming midterm elections and potentially beyond. President AOC is the highest probability outcome in this context and the associated fiscal large S will all but guarantee the advent of paradigm D which is the print phase of the cut grow sequence required to address the geopolitically driven supply demand imbalance of the Treasury bond market. Investors who failed to connect the dots from politics to economics with a robust datadriven framework will continue to demonstraably underperform those of us who do. As always, members of our global investor community can trust that our institutional-grade risk management institutional-grade risk management overlays Kiss and Dr. Mo help our portfolios navigate these emergent risks better than investors attempting to manage risk without systematic rules or relying on fundamental research alone. transitioning to our 42 micro dashboard. As always, I wrap up the question from our community. Uh this one's continuing with the theme of of factor taking factor risk uh in international equities. So, um you know, we hit on that uh in yesterday's macro minute as well as Thursday's macro minute. Uh and I figured uh this would be a great question to kind of uh put a bow on this subject matter uh and and clarify some things um uh that that that clarify some statements that may have led to a little bit more confusion than I was intending. So uh without further ado, let me read the question. Uh this one says, "Thanks all a lot of great suggestions. I will need to do my own work from here, but that gives me a lot to think about. I understand what the total globe is too much to have answers for, but I am **[4:04]** much to have answers for, but I am honestly wondering how much of a US bias there is in the selection of ET. I don't follow you for just wondering. My veqt suggestion was from Google AI, but a deeper understanding deeper dive is needed on my end. I do want to be aware if I'm taking more factor risk than intended for the noted 65year-old in New Zealand. I will be sticking to the 42 macro process as much as possible and even and an even more conservative version. I should be clear. My personal strategy is to be 90% aligned with 42 macro about three4s of the time and the other 1/4 use a modified version trying to pair some M of Michael How's liquidity cycle framework into the process. For me, this means I would like a little more commodity exposure and more global than US exposure for the time being. I am planning to shift back towards a US S&amp;P 500 waiting on a major market pullback, which signals risk off. I understand major US big cap tech will perform best early cycle and midcycle potentially while commodities have their uh run towards the end as with global stocks. There is there is then a potential long-term overbought position in the US dollar to add to c uh typical cyclical dynamics which I assume at least in part influence your pivot areas. Anyway, I am sure I could get a reasonable scoding for my personal positions. Uh but with 42 macro to anchor all the decisions that I make and use of its trend following signals, I've had by far the best performance of all time this past year and I regret nothing. I use some supplemental research as well. Let me repeat that. Anyhow, Anyhow, I am sure I could get a reasonable scoding for my personal positions, but with 42 macro to anchor all the decisions that I make and the use of its trend following signals, I've had by far the best performance of all time this past year, and I regret nothing. I use some supplemental research as well. I would never begin to take these sort of risks for a 65 year old man, only for my personal count being in my uh mid30s. Appreciate it once again, uh, Dean. Um so excellent question. Uh **[6:04]** Dean. Um so excellent question. Uh really grateful for uh this opportunity to continue to educate. Obviously I'm very passionate about educating very passionate about improving the investing habits of the uh general investing public. There's just you know from my experience uh you know collaborating with and and and serving institutional investors for almost 20 years now across global Wall Street and obviously serving serving thousands of retail investors in 80 plus countries around the world and over the past half decade here at 40 tobacro. I continue to observe a very wide gap between the resources, the experience, the experience, uh the I wouldn't say emotional intelligence but certainly emotional intelligence with respect to financial markets uh as well as you know education um you know educational attainment uh between the median institutional investor and the median retail investor and so part of my commentary on factor uh trying to avoid uh taking factorist and and this the same dynamic with respect to Warren Buffett is that the data does not prove that institutional investors, people with more experience, uh, higher EQ with regards to taking financial market risk, you know, higher educational attainment, and obviously way more resources in terms of their ability to get research from people like me across all of Global Wall Street, their ability to have machines that are, you know, very optimized for producing phenomenal results for their clients. Why would you want to be on the other side of their trades taking a bunch of factor risk in financial markets? like they can't take beta. They're not allowed, most institutional investors aren't allowed to uh extract beta from financial markets. They don't get paid two and 20 or three and 30 for that. They get paid to extract alpha. Beta is is not a zero- sum game. Beta, we all can win with beta. Alpha is a zero someum game. Someone will generate the alpha and some someone will have positive alpha on a trade and another investor have negative alpha on the trade. And what we're trying to communicate and educate is the probability of any retail investor consistently stacking together a series of positive alpha trades or a series of positive alpha years is incredibly low **[8:06]** positive alpha years is incredibly low according to the statistics according to the to the fact that you know there's a massive gap between educational attainment emotional EQ with regards to financial market risk takingaking and resources. What's the probability that you're going to be on the positive side of that zero sum alpha game on a successive series of factor bets across a successive series of market cycles? To me, that's a a very low probability outcome. And so if your goal is to retire on time and comfortably, you want to be, you know, uhh, you know, doing activities and and promoting habits that are high probability outcomes that give you the best chance to maximize upside capture in bull markets as and and the best chance to minimize downside capture in bare markets as opposed to what and be optimized for that that solution that that outcome as opposed to optimizing your portfolio for I don't know sounding smart online or sounding smart on the golf course. Like that's what that's what factor bets are. That's what taking generally speaking negative net present value decisions making those negative net present value decisions in your portfolio generally do. You're optimizing for something that is not retiring on time and comfortable. Now you're welcome to do that. You're adults. You're DIY investors. We are happy to support any investor in the world whether they want to retire on time and comfortably or if they just want to take a bunch of factor risk in their portfolio. Notice how I said or because the probability of that being an and is really low. That's what I'm trying to communicate to you. That's what Danny Conorman and Amos Diverski communicated to you with Nobel Prizewinning research. That's what Cass Sunstein and and Richard Thaylor communicated to you with Nobel Prizewinning research. That's what Warren Buffett, arguably the best fundamental investor of all time, communicated to you. And that's what Darius Dale here is humbly trying to communicate to you. My goal is to make you retire on time and comfortably. My goal is not to have you sound smart online or sound smart on the golf course because you won on some factor bet on a transitory period of time. My goal is for the next several decades of your life for you to be consistently maximizing upside capture bull markets and minimizing downside capture in bare **[10:08]** and minimizing downside capture in bare markets. That's what 42 macro research and risk management is optimized for. U with regards to our institute or regard with regards to our retail investor uh customers. Obviously, it's a totally different ballgame with regards to our institutional customers. And by the way, I'm pretty sure we're still the only firm on Global Wall Street where the retail investors get the exact same research as the institutional investors at the exact same time at the exact same very low price point that is engineered to help the lowest common denominator with regards to retail investors from a budget standpoint. Let me repeat that again. I'm pretty sure 42 macro is still the only institutional-grade research and risk management firm in the world where their retail customers are receiving the exact same information at the exact same time as our you know Wall Street institutional uh clients at the low price point that retail investors the the lowest budgeted retail investors can afford and that'll be our promise uh forever uh because you know I don't believe in the K-shaped nature of this economy or society. So, as someone who's from the very bottom of that K uh and and sort of, you know, kind of just wrapping up, you know, the key takeaway here is what are you optimizing your investing behavior for? Are you optimizing your investing behavior for sounding smart on the golf course or sounding smart online or are you optimizing your investing behavior for, you know, retiring on time and comfortable? If if you you can do both. By the way, we Dr. MO has proper trade recommendations for 70 factors across US equity sectors, US and global equity factors, global equities, fixed income sectors, macro exposures, which include currencies, commodities, and crypto, you know, let's look at the doctor most signal for gold, which it's been long since, you know, October of 2023, you know, or or let's look at the doctor most signal for Bitcoin, which has been out of since November 7th. Um, you know, we can help you take about as much factor risk as you want to take, which is clearly what we're doing for our institutional investor clients. You know, the tools and the signals are all right there in your inbox if you're a retail investor and you want to take as much factor risk as you want to take. **[12:09]** much factor risk as you want to take. But the reality is is should you be taking it? And with regards to alpha being a uh zero sum game, the reality is is the probability of you being able to stack a successive series of positive net present value alpha bets together across a series of subsequent series of market cycles is is is low. That that's Nobel Prize winning research that says it's low. So why are you arguing against that? Don't optimize for the low probability outcome. Optimize for the outcome that gives you the best chance to retire on time and comfortably. that gives you the best chance to lower your stress levels and and get time back from having to go down a bunch of factoriented rabbit holes on YouTube and on Twitter. Get that time back so you can reallocate that time to your family, to your health, and ultimately uh reallocate those um you know, the the positive money you're making from um optimizing towards retiring on time and comfortably. Reop reallocate that to your family, to supporting your community, all the positive things that come along with, you know, being optimized and having good investing habits. That's what I'm here for. And so if you guys like that, uh, join us. If not, if if you if you just want to wing a bunch of factors around, do that as well. We happy to support you with Dr. Mo across the 70 different factors that Dr. Mo generates proper trade signals for. But I'm I'm I'm telling you right now, you don't have to do that. Warren Buffett told you you don't have to do that. You know, Danny Koski told you you don't have to do that. Richard Thaylor, Cass Sunstein told you you don't have to do that. So, we're wrapping it up there. Derry is still here presenting our macro minute for uh Wednesday, February 25th, 2026. Best of luck out there today. We'll catch you back here tomorrow. Cheers.
