---
title: "The Macro Minute: Is AI causing a recession in the US economy?"
channel: "Is AI causing a recession in the US economy?"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: HasMbeYq81Q
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HasMbeYq81Q
upload_date: 2026-03-06
duration: "13:38"
description: "In today's video, Darius answers the following question:"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The Macro Minute: Is AI causing a recession in the US economy?

**Channel:** Is AI causing a recession in the US economy?
**Date:** 2026-03-06
**Duration:** 13:38
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HasMbeYq81Q

---

## Transcript

**[0:02]** Happy Friday out there team42 at your skipper here Darius Dell to present our macro minute for Friday March 6 2026. Hope everyone's having a great week. So as always we'll start with the executive summary from today's leadoff morning note. So let's dive right in. Today's key macro question is is AI causing a recession in the US economy. Our answer is no. But it is likely perpetuating the jobless recovery we have been warning about for several quarters. Here are the most important things we learned today regarding the six key macro cycles that influence the momentum and dispersion within and across asset markets on a trend basis. Starting with the growth cycle, the February jobs report and February retail sales data did not support our grid model outlook for accelerating growth and supported our grid model outlook for slowing inflation. The weak negative impulses in private sector employment and average weekly hours and strong negative impulse in private sector average hourly earnings in February supported our jobless recovery, structural uptrend in productivity growth and continued disinflation driven by housing and labor thesis. The weak negative impulse in private sector labor income in February did not support our paradigm C theme, but it did support our jobs recovery and structural uptrend and productivity growth thesis. The weak negative impulses in the U3 headline unemployment rate and U6 uh underemployment rate and strong positive impulse in the employment diffusion ratio in February supported our paradigm C theme. The strong positive impulse in temporary employment, weak negative impulse in cyclical unemployment and strong negative impulse in the long-term unemployment uh in February uh also supported our paradigm C theme. Moreover, initial and continuing jobless claims currently signal a low probability of a developing recession in the US economy. The 42 macro business cycle model and 42 macro FAB 5 recession signaling indicators currently signal a low probability of a developing recession in the US economy as well. The strong negative impulses in the civilian labor force labor force participation rate and employment to population ratio in February supported our jobless recovery thesis. FYI, the current levels of the labor force participation rate **[2:03]** of the labor force participation rate and employment to population ratio are on par with levels from the mid1970s and mid1980s respectively. Per the December Jolts report, the sharp contraction in private sector job openings signals a rising probability of a jobless recovery amid AI diffusion. The dramatic underperformance of employment growth relative to the growth rates of corporate profits, retained earnings, equipment investment, and labor supply supports our jobless recovery thesis as well. The growth rate of the civilian labor force is finally catching down to the negative growth rate of private sector employment as of February. Lastly, the strong negative impulses at headline and core retail sales in January did not support our paradigm C theme in the Euro zone. The final Q4 GDP and employment data generally supported our outlook for moderating growth. Uh nothing significant with respect to the inflation cycle transition to the monetary policy cycle. The consensus narrative regarding the quote lower break even rate of employment due to the administration's immigration policy is at best misguided and at worst politicized. Since the start of the Trump 2.0 administration, labor supply has increased by 392,000 workers due to the 988,000 increase in native born worker supply and minus 596,000 decrease in foreignb born worker supply. Meanwhile, total employment has decreased by 194,000 jobs on a nonseason adjusted basis because you have to use those data points to uh to make us all appsholes and apples. Over the past year, labor supply has increased by roughly 90,000 workers due to the 621,000 increase in native born worker supply and minus 500,000 uh 530,000 decrease in foreignb born worker supply. Meanwhile, total employment has decreased by 391,000 jobs. There are roughly 1.6 million prime age workers who are currently not in the civilian labor force. If the missing 1.6 6 million workers were counted among the ranks of the unemployed. The U3 headline unemployment rate would be 5.4% not 4.4%. 4.4%. Reminder, alongside globalization, the **[4:04]** Reminder, alongside globalization, the diffusion of internet technology contributed to a jobless recoveries in the early 2000s. The low hire low fire condition of the labor market per the below trend levels of the private sector hires rate and private sector layoffs and discharges rate uh or so that persists. uh fired workers are finding it more difficult to find jobs per the uptrending above trend and structurally elevated long-term unemployed ratio. The latest value of 25.3% is 880 basis points above the long run mean. Reminder, the true promise of AI isn't mere efficiency gains. AI is a rapidly scalable tool to cut what is still most company's biggest cost, which is labor. Reminder, the PAL Fed was performing QE with reported CBI greater than 8% in April of 2022 and reported GDP growth of 4% in the first quarter of 2022. Data points in hand. Data points in hand still performing QE. Yet, we can't get rate cuts, get the Fed to take the rate back to a neutral setting or even an easing bias uh in the middle in in the base of very obvious signals from the jobless recovery perspective. So, uh, I hate the fact that, you know, one guy is sitting here with a Bloomberg outperforming the Fed in terms of forecasting labor market dynamics. Uh, I don't like that for our country. Uh, but look, this Fed is is is this this tardy pow Fed is been is lagging, you know, it's continuing to apply downward pressure upon the labor market with a restrictive policy setting. And as we've seen in today's jobs report, that is a policy error. It's a policy error we've been warning about explicitly since last July. And so it's almost I mean we're in March of 2026. We started warning about this in July of 2025. This is this is a problem for the country in terms of the politicized nature of US monetary policy. Uh and I I'll move on. In terms of the fiscal policy cycle, uh, tracking the spectacular failure of Doge, which we accurately predicted going back to the fall of 2024 when Elon had that stupid chainsaw on stage, 24 out of **[6:05]** stupid chainsaw on stage, 24 out of every 10, yes, you read that correctly, 24 out of every 10 jobs created in the Trump 2.0 economy have come from a government or government adjacent sector, up from eight out of 10 during the final two years of the Biden administration. Moreover, at - 6.7% of GDP, the budget deficit is now wider on an annualized fiscal year-to-ate basis in fiscal 2026 than it was in fiscal 2024 at - 6.2% when the Biden administration unsuccessfully administration unsuccessfully accelerated expenditures to get Camela Harris elected. In terms of liquidity and position cycles, nothing actionable with respect to our basian priors. Continue reviewing to learn whether our institutional grade expanded and overlays, KISS and Dr. MO or evolving their signals in response to these or anticipated fundamental dynamics. All right, transitioning to our 42 micro dashboard is always a wrap up with a question from our community. It says uh it reads, I hope this info is factored into the market analysis of 42 macro. It reads, I just learned that number one, if Iran easily with drones hit several desinization plants in the Middle East, all the Gulf States will be without water. These deselin deselination plants I'm sorry struggling with that word cannot be defended in all practicalities. Two if the straight of hormuz is closed then all the Gulf states would have no food supply. Three Iran can easily hit oil fields with cheap drones. Think Ukraine Russia conflict they cannot be uh defended in all practicalities. Four if Iran has uh Iran has own vulnerabilities with respect to water shortages and diverse demographics all targeted by Israel US. Number five, top cleric who was taken out was not Iran's cleric, but instead a top religious leader of 300 million Shia scattered throughout the region. Basically, we started a religious war with the Shia Muslims. Uh, continuing to read on, I hope the above information is factored into the market analysis of 42 macro. I personally wouldn't want to know how to analyze this for market impact. I hope somebody does. I got this information from here. Da d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d respectfully. Uh, so the first thing I'll say is uh this is an institutional grade macro management process. We have many [clears throat] of the top asset **[8:06]** many [clears throat] of the top asset managers across Global Wall Street. Not just asset managers, pension funds, insurance funds, uh, family offices, investment advisors, many of those top firms and funds, the ones you see on TV on the Bloombergs and the CNBC's and the Fox Businesses of the world, they're customers of ours. And so, um, you know, we're not going to run our investment research process or our macro risk management process rather, uh, you know, from the whims of what people think is important. I've been doing this for almost two decades. And I'm going to tell you exactly what's important to when I'm going in and out of these institutional meetings. It's growth. It's inflation. It's monetary policy. It's fiscal policy. It's liquidity. It's position. position. It's not tariffs. It's not tariffs. It's not geopolitics. It's not geopolitics. It's not deselination plants. It's not top clerics. top clerics. It's not the straighter horm. It's not drones. It's not drones. It's not complicated political objectives. None of that stuff matters with respect to the trending dispersion and momentum within and across asset markets. Let me say that again. The only things that matter to determining the trending momentum trending momentum and dispersion across factors within and across asset markets are growth, inflation, [snorts] inflation, [snorts] monetary policy, fiscal policy, liquidity, and positioning. And that's not to be dismissive of obviously what appears to be an escalating geopolitical conflict or this question here, but it is to say that let the experts handle it. you know, and so again, if this stuff matters, then it's going to impact the growth, inflation, monetary policy, fiscal policy, liquidity, and positioning cycles. If this stuff here, Iran attacking deselination plants and or or and and and and disrupting the food supply in the region or pissing off 300 million Shia Muslims, if this stuff actually matters, then it's going to **[10:07]** actually matters, then it's going to eventually impact the growth, inflation, monetary policy, fiscal policy, liquidity, andor positioning cycles, period. So, when you're interpreting news, because again, don't forget our friends in the media, which again, these are friends. They're are friends of ours. They help support our business. We help support their business. But don't forget, they're in a different business than us. We are in the business of helping investors stay on the right side of market risk across multiple market cycles so they can compound returns from higher net asset values that allows them to grow their wealth faster and achieve their strategic investment objectives, which I've been arguing for a very long time that for every retail investor should summarily be retiring on time and comfortably. comfortably. And so our entire macro risk management process and all the quantitative the proven quantitative techniques that are infused throughout our macro risk management process are designed or optimized for helping investors achieve that goal of compounding returns across market cycles generally staying on the right side of market risk. And so you're not going to do that worrying about Iran attacking food supply or water supply or pissing off Shia Muslims or or the Shia Muslims pissing off the US administration. You're not going to do that. You have to stay. You take your focus budget, which is finite, by the way, especially if you're a retail investor. You don't have you're not sitting there with eight screens for 12, 14 hours a day. You you have you're checking in watching YouTube in between, you know, on your lunch break at work. You're not going to be able to keep up with the folks like me looking at eight screens all day or the folks like our the clients we serve across the global buy side that are staring up eight screens all day. You know, the media wants you guys to believe that this stuff is what matters. But the folks like me who and and the folks like we serve in our proto service that who are staring at 8 to 12 screens all day for 12 to 15 to 18 hours a day, we know what matters. And we're telling you right now, it's growth, it's inflation, it's monetary policy, it's fiscal policy, it's liquidity positioning. If this stuff matters, it will eventually impact one of those cycles. And so that's why we are nar we use our focus budget and **[12:09]** we are nar we use our focus budget and we attack those cycles. Your focus budget is finite. It's not infinite. So, you can't just take the bait every time the media wants to sell you something that gets you to engage with an ad. Again, they're in the selling of ad businesses. We are not in the selling of ad business. We're in the keeping investors on the right side of market risk business. And I'm telling you right now, we've been doing that at an extremely high level. Just take a second, click on our testimonials page, spend 30 seconds, 50 seconds, 2 minutes, 5 minutes, 3 minutes, however long you want to spend on this page. you're going to be overwhelmed with joy for how many wonderful people around the world are having their lives changed by our research and risk management. And so, uh, we're really grateful for that. Really grateful for you guys tuning in. We'll wrap it up there. Derry Stell here presenting our macro minute for Friday, March 6, 2026. Uh, best of luck out there today. Things if all heck breaks loose uh this weekend or any other weekend, just know that you don't have to live in fear of these, you know, geopolitical conflicts and dynamics. You can use our institutional grade risknat overlays, kiss and dr. Mo, to help you manage risk in your portfolio in the same way that many of the top funds across global Wall Street are managing risk in their portfolios. That's why these people are reporting such phenomenal results. So, we'll wrap it up there everyone. Have a wonderful weekend. Cheers.
