---
title: "The Macro Minute: Is global liquidity breaking down?"
channel: "Is global liquidity breaking down?"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: VGbpGCkQm_I
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGbpGCkQm_I
upload_date: 2026-03-13
duration: "12:18"
description: "In today's video, Darius answers the following question:"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The Macro Minute: Is global liquidity breaking down?

**Channel:** Is global liquidity breaking down?
**Date:** 2026-03-13
**Duration:** 12:18
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGbpGCkQm_I

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Happy Friday out there, team 42. It's your skipper here, Darius Dell, to present our macro minute for Friday, March 13, 2026. It's Friday the 13th. Normally, that's a weird uh weird signal, but today it's actually a fantastic signal because we got our uh March 2026 macro scouting report coming out this afternoon for our global investor community. If you want to know everything you need to know about the growth, inflation, monetary policy, fiscal policy, liquidity, and positioning cycles to stay on the right side of medium-term market risk, then that's the presentation for you. So, uh, let's hop into our executive summary today from today's leadoff morning note. Uh, today's macro question is, is global liquidity breaking down? Our answer is yes. Whether this represents a transitory pullback or a trending breakdown depends on pus, his department of war, and how much they care about the midterm and 2028 elections. Here are the most important things we learned today regarding the six key macro cycles that influence the momentum and dispersion within and across asset markets on a trend basis. Starting with the growth cycle, the revised Q4 GDP data, January PCE, capex, durable goods, building permits, and housing starts data were mixed regarding our grid model projections for accelerating growth. The strong negative impulses and headline real personal consumption expenditures and real goods PCE and the weak negative impulse in real services PCE were unsupportive of our paradigm. think strong positive impulse in nominal disposable personal income and weak positive impulse in real disposable personal income in January. We're supportive of our resilient US economy and paradigm C themes. Uh for those who may not be familiar, a paradigm C theme is the administration's attempt to run the economy hot. That's the grow phase of the cut grow sequence that's required to address the geopolitically driven supply demand imbalance in the Treasury bond securities market. Uh getting back into the uh executive summary, uh moreover, the latest initial and continuing jobless claims currently signal a low probability of a developing recession in the US economy. The 42 macro business cycle model currently **[2:02]** macro business cycle model currently signals a low probability of a developing recession in the US economy as well. Elsewhere, the negative revisions to the Q4 GDP, real PCE, real GDP exgovernment and exports, and real final sales to private and public domestic purchasers were supportive of our U-shaped economy thesis. Looking abroad in the Euro zone, the January industrial production data were supportive of our moderating growth, our outlook for moderating growth, rather. In the UK, the January GDP and industrial production data were supportive of our outlook for moderating growth as well. Transition to the inflation cycle, the January PCE deflator data were unsupportive of our grid model projections for slowing inflation. The strong positive impulses in the headline PC deflator and super core PC deflator and weak positive impulse in the core PCE deflator were supportive of our sticky inflation theme. The positive revision of the Q4 GDP deflator data was supportive of our sticky inflation theme as well. The we negative impulse in the housing PC deflator was supportive of our continued disinflation driven primarily by housing and labor thesis. For those who may be unfamiliar theme is something we can observe. It's trending. We expect it to remain trending. Thesis is something that's developing. We can start to see it in the data. We have an inclination it might continue, but we need more confirmation to actually expect it to uh trend. So that's the difference between thesis and theme. When you hear me say those uh words, uh the weak negative impulses in nominal employee compensation and nominal wage and salary dispersements in January were supportive of our continued disinflation driven primarily by housing and labor thesis. as well. Recall that the 42 macro secular inflation model has accurately predicted an equilibrium core PCE rate in the high 2 low 3% range since January 2022 when consensus thought inflation was transitory. Looking abroad, in the UK, the Bank of England's February CBI survey data were supportive of our outlook for slowing inflation. transition to the monetary policy cycle in China. The February credit data were unsupportive of our outlook for accelerating growth and signal that the PBOC continues to aggressively push on a **[4:04]** PBOC continues to aggressively push on a string with respect to reflating the Chinese economy. The PBOC is pushing on a string because the Chinese economy remains mired in a balance sheet recession due to decades of capital misallocation and roughly 15 years of adverse selection as well. For those who may be unfamiliar, capital misallocation means you're lending to the wrong sectors and industries within the economy. Adverse selection means you're lending to the wrong corporate or uh household sector borrowers. Uh with regards to uh it may it may eventually mean you're lending to the wrong public sector borrowers in the next 5 to seven years. We'll talk about that in the macro scouting report as well. Uh spoiler alert uh we are of the view that the US is headed for either total war or a fiscal crisis within five to seven years. And we'll show legions of of of data driven research on why in terms of the long-term and shorter term cycles that support that view. Uh with regards to fiscal crisis, the well above trend three-month SAR, six month SAR and year-over-year growth rates in the January core capital goods and durable goods data were supportive of our paradigm C theme. The weak negative impulse in the January building permits data were unsupportive of our paradigm C theme. However, the week positive impulse in the January housing stars data was and then finally with respect to liquidity cycle in terms of having actionable news today uh or not news, we don't you know I don't care about news at all. I care about signal, actionable signal. Uh, in terms of liquidity cycle, the good news for investors is that the PBOC's failed attempts at reflation care create excess liquidity for global financial markets, as evidenced by the 13% year-over-year growth rate for the 42 macro, China liquidity proxy, which is the aggregated sum of the PBOC's balance sheet, China's raw money supply, and China's fiat FX reserves. China's um uh currently China's uh and the US are the only major liquidity supplying economies expanding liquidity on a three-month SAR basis. China at 4%, US at 2%. Liquidity in the Euro zone, Japan, Switzerland, and UK is down 17%, 8%, 9%, and 13% respectively on a three-month SAR basis. This is why global liquidity is down 4% on a **[6:06]** global liquidity is down 4% on a three-month SAR basis as well. Recall that the US dollar, currency volatility, bond market volatility, and energy are all counteryclical leading indicators of global liquidity per the 42 macro global liquidity proxy and each is bullish from the perspective of our volatility just momentum signal. This implies that the longer the USIsrael ran war persists, the greater the reduction in liquidity and decline in asset markets investors will experience. nothing actionable with respect to the position cycle. Uh and in a anytime you see these executive summaries that just means there's nothing actionable with respect to our basian priors for that particular cycle. Continue reviewing to learn whether our institutional grade risk management overlays KISS and Dr. Mo are evolving their signals in response to these or anticipated fundamental dynamics. anticipated fundamental dynamics. Transition to our 42 micro dashboard is always a wrap-up with a question from our community. Uh this one uh is just a comment in response to a a post that I I I thought public or a response to a response to my response to another uh uh investors post in our uh global investor community featuring thousands of investors in 80 plus countries around the world which we're super humbled by and really grateful for. Uh so let me just shut up and read it. Says Mr. Derry still this is my first post as I approach my oneyear anniversary with 42 macro. I wanted to express my deepest gratitude to you and your talented team for your tireless efforts to help us DIY investors stay on the right side of market risk, especially during this volatile and chaotic fourth turning. I am a first generation immigrant who grew up on the bottom half of the K and is now retired. I use KISS to manage 100% of my and my family's hard-earned investments, and I trust Kiss and Dr. Mo to help me stay retired for a long time and comfortably. I cannot emphasize enough the positive impact of KISS on my mental, emotional, physical, and spiritual health. Thank you and God bless you and your family. **[8:06]** I if if there's anything that encapsulates why I quit my cushy Wall Street job making lots of money to go make no money and build a startup. It's this. It's this. It was heavy on my heart that I spent 12 to 16 hours a day grinding and grinding and grinding away on Wall Street. Flying around the world. I mean, God knows I've probably done 7,000 institutional client meetings over the course of my career to this point. Flying around global Wall Street helping basically rich people get richer. And I'm totally fine with that. I have a lot of great relationships with a lot of great bysiders across the global byside and really truly grateful for the um the opportunity to collaborate and and and support them in their investment efforts. But as someone from the bottom, the very very very very bottom, the homeless homeless shelter, sleeping in vans, living in motel, bottom of that K that uh I share with my friend here. Uh it didn't sit well with me. That's what we, you know, I just I wanted to create something that would have a lasting impact on a lot of people's lives. I mean that that's why our company's named 42 macro. I came across that Jackie Robinson quote that a life is not important except for the impact that it has on other people's lives. Uh you know some probably about six six seven years ago and it changed my life. It made me realize that I wasn't really having much of an impact on anybody's life but myself. Yeah. I was rich. I was traveling and partying in Mont and partying in Miami and partying and on the west coast. Partying in Europe, partying all over the world, having a great time partying in Hong Kong. I had such a great life in my 20s and early 30s, and early 30s, but when I look back on it, I realized I wasn't actually doing anything for anyone but me and obviously helping my family back home. family back home. This company 42 Macro is now creating those outcomes, those fantastic outcomes, positive mental health, **[10:08]** outcomes, positive mental health, positive fuel, positive spiritual health, staying retired for a long time and comfortably because it's not just enough to get to the finish line. You want to actually enjoy the final years of your life with your family and friends. So, it's wonderful to know that we're um you know, we're creating these kinds of outcomes for thousands of investors around the world as evidenced by our testimonials page, as evidenced by the performance they continue to uh achieve on both an absolute and riskadjusted basis, which is, you know, world beating in many cases. I get the hedge fund returns. No offense to my friends in the hedge fund industry. I know what KISS is doing relative to that. So uh just in conclusion uh I I do want to end with this which is uh they concluded their their comment which is to the 96% of the community thank you for your thoughtful and entertaining posts. To the other 4% I wish I had a mute button on days like this. Please read the FAQ and free resources. I also want to wish you the best. Please enjoy your limited time with precious limited and precious time with family and friends. The reason they uh broke it up 96 and 4% uh we have very consistently and this has been going on for years roughly about a 3 and a half to 4% attrition rate. I don't know why it's so sticky at that level but that's just what it is. It has been that way for years. And uh for those who may be unfamiliar 3 and a half to 4% attrition is about a third of what Apple has with one of these an iPhone. So uh we've created a product that has about a third of the nutrition that is the most popular product in the human history. So um for whatever reason 3.5 to 4% of people don't want to have on time and comfortable retirements. They don't want their stress levels to go down which improves their physical and mental health and their spiritual health. Totally fine with me. But to the other 96 to 96.5% of you, thank you. I'm so grateful for each of you. I'm so grateful for the opportunity to support you, your family, your community through our research and risk management signals. And I will catch you back here uh next uh week. Everyone have a wonderful weekend. Cheers.
