---
title: "The Macro Minute: Will US inflation data destabilize asset markets?"
channel: "Will US inflation data destabilize asset markets?"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: ndsnJJKFHmU
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndsnJJKFHmU
upload_date: 2026-03-11
duration: "8:59"
description: "In today's video, Darius answers the following question:"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The Macro Minute: Will US inflation data destabilize asset markets?

**Channel:** Will US inflation data destabilize asset markets?
**Date:** 2026-03-11
**Duration:** 8:59
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndsnJJKFHmU

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Happy Wednesday out there team 42. It's your skipper here Darius Dell to present our macro minute for Wednesday March 11th 2026. Hope everyone's having a great week. So as always we'll start with our executive summary from today's lid off morning nope. So let's dive right in. Today's key macro question is will US inflation data destabilize asset markets? Our answer is no. But the February data predate the ongoing energy price shock. Investors should expect reported inflation to misbehave on a transitory basis before resuming its downtrend. Here are the most important things we learned today regarding the six key macro cycles that influence the momentum and dispersion within and across asset markets on a trend basis. Starting with the growth cycle in the US, the February NFIB small business optimism and New York Fed survey of consumer expectations data were generally unsupportive of our grid model outlook for accelerating growth. The growth indicators in the February NFIB small business optimism survey were unsupportive of our paradigm C theme. Recall that our paradigm C theme is the administration's choice to quote run the economy hot. That's the grow phase of the cut growth sequence required to address the geopolitically driven supply demand imbalance in the Treasury bond market which has remained our core research view for almost three years. The sales and earnings indicators in the February NFIB small business optimism survey were generally unsupportive of our paradigm C theme. The household income, spending, taxes, and credit indicators in the February NFIB survey of consumer expectations data were generally unsupportive of our paradigm C theme. As well, elsewhere in the Euro zone, the March Sentex investor confidence survey data supported our outlook for moderating growth. In Japan, the February machine tool orders data, February economy watchers survey, Japan household spending data, and final Q4 GDP data generally supported our outlook for stable growth. Recall that Japan machine tool orders are among the best leading indicators of the global industrial cycle and global growth broadly. Transitioning to inflation cycle, the February CBI, NFIB, and New York Fed survey consumer expectations **[2:01]** York Fed survey consumer expectations data were generally supportive of our grid model outlook for stable inflation. The weak negative impulses in headline CBI and energy CBI in February were supportive of our continued disinflation driven primarily by housing and labor thesis. The strong positive impulses in core CPI, core services CBI, and super core CBI in February were unsupportive of our continued disinflation driven primarily by housing and labor thesis. The weak negative impulses in core good CBI and shelter CPI were supportive. However, the two basis point contribution to month-over-month contribution to month-over-month headline CBI and 19 basis point contribution to year-over-year headline CBI from core goods in February is supportive of our view that the investing public was misled by mainstream economists and media outlets for their overselling of the impact of tariffs upon inflation and the US economy broadly. The price indicators in the February NFIB small business optimism survey were supportive of our continued disinflation driven primarily by housing and labor thesis. The CPI and home price inflation indicators in the February New York survey of consumer expectations were also supportive of our continued disinflation driven primarily by housing and labor thesis. And finally, the CPI categories uh indicators uh in the survey of consumer expectations were also supportive of our expectation for continued disinflation as well. Transitioning to the monetary policy cycle, the labor indicators in the February NFIB small business optimism survey were generally supportive of our jobless recovery thesis. The wage and employment indicators in the February New York survey, a New York Fed survey of consumer expectations were highly supportive of our jobless recovery thesis. As predicted, private sector wage growth is demonstrabably underperforming surveybased measures of labor market select. And part of the reason for that uh that prediction and the reason we're observing that in our opinion is the fact that we think companies are lying about their demand for labor. I mean if you look at job openings I mean we've had millions of job openings persistently for years yet the labor market sucks. [laughter] **[4:04]** You know I think the companies are quite frankly experimenting with AI. Uh the AI companies themselves are experimenting with AI and they're realizing that hey we probably don't need to go h out and hire a bunch of people. Uh but in order to not freak out our staff or or send a negative message to the market or send a negative message to policy makers, let's just have a bunch of phantom job openings. But obviously the the phantom job openings uh are you know being I guess snitched on to some degree uh by the uh dramatic underperformance of private sector wage growth uh um in this in this current cycle. So uh you know I think we're right on jobless recovery as we talked about uh in last uh Thursday and Friday's uh macro minutes. uh highly recommend if you've missed those macro minutes and you want to get up to speed on pretty much everything that matters in the labor market from the perspective of an investor or monetary policy maker. Highly recommend you tune in to those uh two macro minutes uh from from last Thursday uh and last uh Friday. Um with respect to the fiscal policy cycle, liquidity cycles and positioning cycles, nothing actionable with respect to our basis and priors continue reviewing to learn whether our institutional grade risk management overlays KISS and Dr. MO are evolving their signals in response to these or anticipated fundamental dynamics. Transition to our 42 micro dashboard. As always, a wrap up with a question from our community. This one's a not necessarily a question, but a wonderful comment that I thought was worth sharing. Uh says, uh I'm almost at my one-year anniversary, and I can't express my gratitude for DD and the 42 macro team. I assume he means enough. Uh, in April 2025, I lost 15% of my portfolio and I was not a subscriber at the time, which was a horrible mistake. And I immediately signed up after my losses. Since then, I'm up 30% in my portfolio from the lows, which has netted me about an 11% gain from my stupid mistakes. I've now seen the light, and this is the way. Thank you, team 42. So um just want to say thank you to the uh member of our global investor community for the incredibly kind uh compliment. Um but just want to remind you that you know we we do all this fundamental research that we talk **[6:05]** this fundamental research that we talk about in the executive summary and our leadoff morning notes uh and and and obviously we conclude our weekly around the presentations with a fundamental deep dive on everything that matters uh from the perspective of these cycles those six key macro cycles uh that week and then obviously we do our monthly macro scattering report which you know we contend is still the best monthly presentation across all of global Wall Street from the perspective of staying on the right side of of macro market risk. Um highly recommend you check that out. So usually 100 somewhere between 125 and 150ish slides of of fundamental research. But we just want to remind investors that you know as much fundamental research as we do none of this impacts our portfolios. The only reason we do fundamental research here at 42 macro is to help our customers understand the full distribution of probable economic policy and market outcomes such that when our institutional-grade institutional-grade quantitative riskmanagement overlays quantitative riskmanagement overlays kiss and Dr. Mo send out a systematic signal to take up or take down risk across you know in kiss kiss's case stocks gold bitcoin or cash and in Dr. Moe's case it's 70 different factors across all the major asset classes whenever they see we want you to understand the full distribution of probable economic policy and market outcomes so that whenever that signal lands in your inbox or SMS you're comfortable and confident to execute the dispassionately execute the signal because when you dispassionately execute our kiss and Dr. most signals. This is the result. I mean again this person lost 15% of their portfolio prior to joining 42 macro joined 42 macro and inside of a year has regained 30% uh has gained 30% of their portfolio and this is the kind of outcome that you know we're super blessed to be able to deliver to thousands of investors in 80 plus countries around the world. I mean if you take a look at our testimonials page you know just this is this is pretty consistent the kind of feedback we get. So uh we're really grateful for the you know the wonderful you know performance that we're we're helping investors around the world achieve. Most importantly we're grateful for the opportunity to help so many investors achieve their strategic investment **[8:05]** achieve their strategic investment objective which I've argued for many years as a retail investor should be to retire on time and comfortably. A lot of retail investors don't want to optimize their investment process for retiring on time and comfortably. They'd rather optimize for you know overtrading their account or or some other stuff that you know they're doing on on Reddit or whatever. I'm not sure what they're doing out there. The reality is if you're if you want to retire on time and comfortably, there's not a better place or better and global investor community in the world uh for you to join and and and participate in our kiss and Dr. Mo signal. So, we'll we'll wrap it up there. Derry Stell here presenting our macro minute for Wednesday, March 11, 2026. Best of luck out there today. I'm going to be offline tomorrow preparing our March 2026 macro scouting report. So, we'll catch you back here on Friday. Everyone have a wonderful day out there. Cheers.
