---
title: "The Macro Minute: Will investors reward stellar results from NVIDIA $NVDA?"
channel: "Will investors reward stellar results from NVIDIA $NVDA?"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: I-EZ1y4lxiI
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-EZ1y4lxiI
upload_date: 2026-02-26
duration: "10:11"
description: "In today's video, Darius answers the following question:"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The Macro Minute: Will investors reward stellar results from NVIDIA $NVDA?

**Channel:** Will investors reward stellar results from NVIDIA $NVDA?
**Date:** 2026-02-26
**Duration:** 10:11
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-EZ1y4lxiI

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Happy Thursday out there, team 42. It's your skipper here, Darius Dell to present our macro minute for Thursday, February 26, 2026. February 26, 2026. I just want to give a a happy birthday shout out to my beautiful dear mother as well as my beautiful uh dear niece. I hope you guys are having a wonderful day. May this may today be the start of the best year of your lives. So uh as always, we'll start with the executive summary from today's leadoff morning note. So let's dive right in. Today's ski macro question is, will investors reward stellar results from Nvidia? The answer, no. Here's the most important thing we learned today regarding the six key macro cycles that influence the momentum and dispersion within and across asset markets on a trend basis. Starting with growth, Nvidia is down 2% today despite posting sizable beats to Q4 sales and earnings and Q1 guidance, indicating that the Magnificent 7 remains a source of funds to capitalize other businesses with. Still, the market views uh currently views Nvidia as a clear winner among Magnificent 7's constituents according to our volatility adjusted momentum signal. Moreover, the market currently views tech and communication services stocks as a source of funds for the other sectors and semiconductors as a clear winner relative to software according to our VAMS as well. Lastly, the market currently views legacy software stocks as a source of funds for AI disruptor software stocks, which continue to trend higher by the way, indicating a healthy level of discernment within the equity market. According to our Vamps um inflation uh nothing actionable monetary policy the latest initial continuing jobs claims data suggests the low higher low fire condition within the US labor market persists which supports the Fed's guidance to leave the policy uh leave policy unchanged for a while. Uh nothing ashable with respect to fiscal policy liquidity uh the February European Commission survey data signal firming inflation pressures across the Euro zone economy. This divergence in ECB and Fed forward policy rate pricing momentum is supportive of our bearish bias on the US **[2:02]** supportive of our bearish bias on the US dollar which is bullish for global liquidity. Uh and then finally positioning the fastest year-over-year growth in Japan's machine tool orders in January supports the improving global growth backdrop as well as our call for capital flows to continue rotating out of US assets into their less expensive international counterparts. And for those who may not be familiar, uh Japan machine tool orders is one of the best uh is arguably the best uh leading indicator for the global industrial cycle uh from a time series uh statistical perspective. So uh definitely keep your eyes on that uh monthly time series. Uh so uh as always uh continue reviewing uh to learn uh if and how our institutional grade risk management overlays Kiss and Dr. Mo are evolving uh their signals in response to these fundamental dynamics. Uh, so as always, transitioning to our 42 micro dashboard. As always, I wrap up with a question from our community. Uh, this one, uh, is regarding uh, the labor market, AI's impact on the labor market. Uh, so it says, "Good day, DD. I'm a new subscriber uh, but have followed you for many years. Uh, since you were, uh, the leadoff presenter with that other guy. I appreciate all you do for us, and I was happy to see uh, when you left and went out on your own. Thank you." With such a high level of JO's contraction, uh, doesn't it mean there will be fewer people spending and consuming less, meaning companies will have to produce and sell less, meaning sales and profits will fall and stock prices will fall. Isn't this going to be the opposite of when Henry Ford Henry Ford increased wages to $5 an hour so that workers can afford to buy his cars? With white collar workers now moving to bluecollar jobs, high wages to low wages, there will be less money to spend on goods, services, and investment. jobs that are now done by consumers and spenders are being taken over by AI which neither consumes nor spends. How can this create any kind of recovery? So, excellent question uh phenomenal question. I think uh you know sort of using uh analytical or an argument um you know you sort of taken the argument to its logical extreme to sort of expose the fallacies in the argument. But my point the point we're making on jobs recovery is that we could be decades away from this this logical screen this draconian outcome. **[4:04]** logical screen this draconian outcome. uh the what matters most to markets is the rate of change of you know key economic uh variables, the rate of change of policy, the rate of change of political dynamics, geopolitical political dynamics, geopolitical dynamics. What matters is what changes at the margin relative to how consensus expects things to occur and their positioning uh and ultimately uh you know the magnitude of that change. And so, uh, you know, in terms of our jobless recovery thesis, you know, it's not going to be we're not going to go from, you know, one day we have a fully gainfully employed labor market, uh, to a fully unemployed labor market that can't, uh, generate enough income to sustain consumption. What's likely to happen at the margins is what we continue to see in the labor market, which is a low fire, low hire labor market, where whereby companies are continuing to uh, demonstrate very tempid, if not declining demand. And I would argue declining demand is evidenced by the minus 62% 3month annualized rate of change for Jolt's private pay uh private um job openings uh uh in the most recent Jolt report minus 62% 3 month annualized rate of change uh you know declining labor demand uh which will continue to depress uh the private sector hires rate uh but it's not necessarily likely to cause a significant uptick uh in um uh the unemployment rate for a couple of reasons. uh one companies can just use uh attrition and not replace people they so by you know when people leave the company they don't necessarily have to replace them they can replace people uh with AI once someone leaves or retires which is what's been going on by the way and two the companies that are most likely to uh actually cause their headcount to go down to actually increase their fire rate and and and and fire people uh are the large companies that have quarterly earnings pressure as public companies but the reality is is they don't they don't comprise a very large share of the uh total employment I want to say you know I think 90 plus percent of employment certainly over 85% of employment uh is uh at the small to mediumsiz enterprise level uh you know these are mostly non-private uh or mostly private enterprises you know the large companies that we see you know reporting earnings and all that stuff that are firing people by the thousands **[6:05]** that are firing people by the thousands if not tens of thousands as a function of this uh new uh technology diffusion uh they don't they're not they're not the lion share of of of of employment and certainly not the lion share of employment growth I want say about 65% of all employment growth uh comes from small uh businesses. So um you know what's likely to continue to happen is you know what's most important in this entire discussion is I think we're forgetting that you know the stock market doesn't necessarily represent GDP and the stock market doesn't represent GDP or PCE which is personal consumption. The stock market represents a call option on future cash flows of a business. uh uh and obviously credit is you know somewhat different uh but but similar you know can you get your money back from the business that you lend to and so the reality is if the profits are going up it doesn't matter how much people consume in the real economy it doesn't matter how much GDP the real economy produces what matters is the profitability of the company you can have a declining GDP environment with profits going up if the profitability of companies in aggregate because a function of this statistic is rising faster than GDP is falling profitability can be rising fat can this can happen which is something I've been warning about for the past six months which is you might you know I was on our friend Maria Baron's show back last fall and I said hey doing this in my hand which I did on my national TV hey you're going to have a stock market start doing this and the real economy doing this that is the risk uh I don't know what the logical end of that you know because obviously you got people voting and regulation that could come as a function of people voting or pitchforks coming out you the forth turning climax and I don't want to go there today but you know I don't know what the endg game is on all this but from this starting point you could easily see multiple years if not at least a decade of GDP growth slowing and profitability accelerating and here's why and I'll shut up and leave you with this final chart here's why why the true promise of AI isn't mere efficiency AI is an effective tool to cut what is still most company's biggest **[8:06]** cut what is still most company's biggest cost which is labor this chart, this blue line in this chart, which is sourced from our uh most recent uh our monthly macro scouting report, our February macro scouting report. &gt;&gt; The blue line in this chart is labor's share of national income, employee compensation as a function as a ratio of gloves to domestic income. And it's already been we've been in an awful lot of salt on labor share of national income for decades now as a function of the LZair neoliberalism movement which prioritized corporate profitability prioritized corporate profitability over, you know, the well-being of humanity. And that's something that obviously is ongoing and is likely to accelerate as a function of AI. The true promise of AI isn't that this line continues to trend down. It's that the blue line falls off the bottom of the page. page. If the blue line falls off the bottom of the page, the red line's going to jump off the top of the page if I do that very poorly. very poorly. That's the true promise of AI. That's what I'm trying to explain to you guys is you don't need people consuming stuff at Walmart. Maybe it'll hurt Walmart, but you don't, you know, these companies could sell stuff to each other. Nvidia doesn't sell anything to consumers, you know. So, I wanted people to realize that this divergence, which will ultimately end very poorly for society, may not end poorly for the stock market or the credit market on a, you know, in riskmanageable time horizon. Eventually, it will end poorly on a riskmanagement time horizon as a function of the political response and a function of the regulatory response and a function of the geopolitical response because this kind of stuff causes economies inequality causes economies to go to war. If you don't agree with that, that means you have not read Peter Church's books. They're very dense books, a lot of math in those books, a lot of numbers and statistics, very thin font. A lot of people don't like reading books like that. But I have to read books like that to do be to be good at my job. So, uh I'll leave you guys with that book recommendation and uh we'll catch you back here uh tomorrow. So Terry Stell here uh presenting our macro minute for uh Thursday, February 26, 2026. Best of luck out there today. We'll catch you back here tomorrow. Cheers.
