---
title: "The Macro Minute: Is this the start of WWIII?"
channel: "Is this the start of WWIII?"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: b4EUkqmAIn8
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4EUkqmAIn8
upload_date: 2026-03-03
duration: "7:33"
description: "In today's video, Darius answers the following question:"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The Macro Minute: Is this the start of WWIII?

**Channel:** Is this the start of WWIII?
**Date:** 2026-03-03
**Duration:** 7:33
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4EUkqmAIn8

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Happy Tuesday out there team 42. It's your skipper here Darius Dell to present our macro minute for Tuesday March 3rd 2026. As always we'll start with the executive summary from today's leadoff morning note. So let's dive right in. Today's key macro question is is this the start of World War II? Our answer highly unlikely. The highest probability outcome is that this too shall pass. And once it does, it will leave asset markets in a much healthier condition with respect to the crowded bullish positioning we've been warning about since the start of November. Here are the most important things we learned today regarding the six key macro cycles that influence the momentum and dispersion within and across asset markets on a trend basis. Starting with the growth cycle, the February ISM manufacturing PMI data did not support our outlook for accelerating growth or slowing inflation and generally did not support our bullish paradigm C theme. The sequential cooling of the ISM manufacturing new orders inventory spread suggests momentum in the US industrial cycle is not yet on solid footing. shifts into inflation. An adviser to Iran's is Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corpse commander uh warned quote forces will set fire to any ship attempting to pass through the straight of Hormuz amplifying systemic risk to regional transit corridors. China the primary purchaser of Iran's oil exports called on all sides to guarantee secure maritime transit through the straight of Hormuz where shipping flows have effectively ceased. Iraq has begun curtailing production in the Rumalia oil field operated by BP as storage capacity becomes constrained amid tanker congestion in the Persian Gulf. These measures will result in a loss 3 million barrels per day from global supply as long as wartime conditions endure. Elsewhere, the February ISA manufacturing PMI data strongly supported our sticky inflation theme. Additionally, the preliminary February CPI uh from the Euro zone supported our outlook for stable inflation in the Euro zone economy. Inflation in the euro area is trending nicely at or slightly above 2%. Shifting to monetary policy, the Q4 corporate sales, profits, and capex data generally **[2:01]** sales, profits, and capex data generally supported our outlook for accelerating growth in Japan. The January unemployment rate data did not, however, and may give the BOJ scope to delay further monetary policy normalization. Further delays may exacerbate the selloff and longduration JGBs amid fiscal reflation by the politically embodened Takayichi government. uh nothingable with respect to fiscal policy or liquidity. And finally, with respect to positioning, uh global risk assets repric lower alongside global sovereign debt as the US's congressionally unauthorized war with Iran continue to escalate, catalyzing intensifying market anxiety around a protracted energy supply shock and an intended acceleration in inflation. US Defense Secretary Pete Hex on Monday dismissed the premise of a quote endless war with Iran. Yet, President Trump subsequently stated operations could extend, quote, far longer than an initial four to five week estimate and that the US would do quote whatever it takes. Both leaders declined to exclude the deployment of American ground forces. Recall that on Monday, Secretary of State Marco Rubio indicated the objective was to dismantle Iran's ballistic missile program and naval capabilities to neutralize threats to global shipping lanes. Meanwhile, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wrote on social media that the effort was also intended to create the conditions for the brave Iranian people to cast off the yoke of tyranny. Um, so it sounds like a lot of different crossurrens from an objective standpoint and more cross from an objective standpoint in our view increases the probability that this lasts for uh, you know, longer than any of us would hope for it to last. Uh but as we said you know in terms of the answer to the today's schemacro question the highest probability outcome is that this two shall pass and once it does it will leave ass will likely leave asset markets in a much healthier condition with respect to the crowd bull's positioning that we've been warning about and that a lot of investors have been taking on the chin in terms of some violent chop and unwind in some very crowded factors uh since uh October November so uh as always NA equals nothing actionable with respect to our basian priors continue to reviewing to **[4:03]** basian priors continue to reviewing to learn whether our institutional grade risk management overlays kiss and Dr. Mo are evolving their signals in response to these or anticipated fundamental dynamics. Transition to our 42 micro dashboard. As always, we'll wrap up with a question from our community. This one's titled crashy crashy. Anybody else worried about a crash uh underway? Uh I'll tell you who's not worried. Uh it's me and thousands of investors in our global investor community uh with the exception of this uh this this young this our friend uh here. Uh when you have your portfolios being guided by extremely effective institutional grade Spanish nobles, which are what KISS and Dr. Mo are, you don't have to live in fear about a crash to the downside. You don't have to live in fear of a melt up to the upside because by the way, spoiler alert, risk works in both directions and is always a function of your legacy positionings. you're underweight or short heading into a bull market that causes a type two error that you'll eventually have to capitulate with FOMO and cause you to make a very hazardous choice at or near market top. Uh if you are uh overweight or you know lever long heading into a a crash then that'll cause you to make a type two error that you'll eventually have to capitulate uh into uh FOMO which is fear of more losses you know at or near a market low. Markets don't bottom until people stop selling. market's on top until people stop buying. And so if you're, you know, committing a type two error, which is, you know, again, you're long when you're not supposed to be or or or or or short when you're not supposed to be or underweight when you're not supposed to be or overweight when you're not supposed to be, you know, you which essentially means you're fighting our kiss and doctor most signals. When you fight our kiss and Dr. Mos signals, you expose your portfolios to the the risk of type two errors, which are more h the more hazardous kinds of errors from the perspective of trying to achieve your strategic investment objectives. If you divided a you turn distribution into four quantiles type two errors live on the left side of the left side the left it's the leftmost part of those quantiles the left side of the left tail of the distribution and that's where the biggest errors come from. So uh you know **[6:03]** biggest errors come from. So uh you know my my the key takeaway from this education today is that you know if you're you're systematically and more importantly dispassionately dispassionately executing our systematic institutional grade risk management overlays kiss for retail investors Dr. MO for institutional investors and/or retail investors who want to optimize for taking back the risk as opposed to retiring on time and comfortably. If you're systematically and you're systematically and dispassionately executing those, you don't have to live in fear of any of these market outcomes. Kiss and Dr. Mar are going to sell the top aren't going to buy the bottom, but they will sell very close to the top and they will buy very close to the bottom and rinse and repeat. And if you do that for a long enough period across enough market cycles, you're guaranteed to retire on time and comfortably. Uh so we'll wrap it up there. Uh key takeaway is no need to worry. It's part of the game. This is why you're a DIY investor. You if you don't like this part of the game, give your money to someone else to manage or or or just systematically and dispatchally execute our case and Dr. Mo signals, which in my opinion is a probably a better outcome because most money managers aren't having their uh portfolio allocation decisions managed by Kiss and Dr. Mo. Quite a few of them are though. I think we're up to 2530 trillion dollars of aggregate aum across our global byside clients. So really blessed by that. Really blessed by your viewership and we will let you go. Everyone have a wonderful day. Catch you back here tomorrow. Cheers.
