---
title: "The Macro Minute: What matters more, uptrending productivity growth or escalating war?"
channel: "What matters more, uptrending productivity growth or escalating war?"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: kPmSI7gahRY
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPmSI7gahRY
upload_date: 2026-03-05
duration: "11:23"
description: "In today's video, Darius answers the following question:"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The Macro Minute: What matters more, uptrending productivity growth or escalating war?

**Channel:** What matters more, uptrending productivity growth or escalating war?
**Date:** 2026-03-05
**Duration:** 11:23
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPmSI7gahRY

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Happy Thursday out there team42. It's your skipper here Darius Dell to present our macro minute for Thursday March 5th 2026. Hope everyone's having a great week. So as always we'll start with the executive summary from today's leadoff morning nope. So let's dive right in. Today's chemical question is what matters more uptrending productivity growth or escalating war? Our answer as detailed yesterday positioning dynamics signal upside surprise risk in inflation will likely have a bigger impact upon asset markets than upside surprise risk in growth. Here are the most important things we learned today regarding the six key macro cycles that influence the momentum and dispersion within and across asset markets on a trend basis. Starting with growth, the latest jobless claims and non-farm productivity data supported out grid model projections of accelerating growth. Initial and continuing jobless claims currently signal a low probability of a developing recession in the US economy. The 42 macro business model currently signals a low probability of a developing recession in the US economy as well. Reminder, internet technology diffusion helped transform the US from a 1.5 to 2% trend productivity economy to a 3% trend productivity economy. FYI, the current productivity growth cycle upturn is demonstrabably outpacing the 1990s to 2000 cycle, which was one of the best in history. A structural uptrend in productivity growth will be extremely positive for corporate profits and the stock market. Productivity growth is a leading indicator for S&amp;P 500 earnings, too. Productivity is actually the key that unlocks corporate profitability. according to the 42 macro corporate profitability model. Elsewhere in the Euro zone, January retail sales data did not support our outlook for moderating growth. In the UK, February auto sales data supported our outlook for firming growth. Transition to the inflation cycle, uptrending energy costs tied to escalating conflict in the Middle East catalyzed a sharp repricing across global sovereign debt curves with Brink crude oil stabilizing near $84 a barrel. The sell-off in rates propelled the two-year nominal Treasury yield toward its largest 4-day surge since May as investors reassessed the inflation outlook. US dollar money markets materially reduce anticipated policy easing with overnight index swaps now **[2:03]** easing with overnight index swaps now implying a roughly 45 basis points of Fed cuts by year end versus greater than 60 basis points last week. Elsewhere, the latest unit labor cost data did not support our grid model projections of slowing inflation. A structural uptrend in productivity growth would represent a durable headwind for inflation. However, if AI diffusion plus jobless recovery equals productivity up and wages down, then inflation is unlikely to durably misbehave, absent a prolonged energy price shock. Elsewhere, the Bank of England's February CBI data did not support our outlook for slowing inflation. Transitioning to the monetary policy cycle, in support of our jobless recovery thesis, Morgan Stanley disclosed plans to reduce its global headcount by approximately 3% concentrating layoffs across investment banking, trading, and wealth management as well as asset management. Uh recall that each industry was recently targeted in the AI disruption trade. The workforce reductions will impact front and back office employees and reflect a combination of individual performance evaluations alongside quote strategic shifts in business priorities and geographic operating footprints. In our view, this is corporate mumbo jumbo for we don't need your services anymore because of AI. All told, the restructuring equates to nearly 2,500 job cuts despite the firm reporting reporting record net income while increasing CEO Ted Picks compensation by 32% last year. 32% last year. Reminder, alongside globalization, the diffusion of internet technology, which is far less productivity enhancing than AI in our view, contributed to a jobless recovery in the early 2000s. The true promise of AI isn't mere efficiency. AI is an effective tool to cut what is still most company's biggest cost which is labor. Indeed, the dramatic underperformance of employment growth relative to the growth rates of the civilian labor force, NIPA corporate profits, NIPA retained earnings and equipment investment supports our jobless recovery thesis. The divergence between the multi-year performance of initial jobless claims and continuing jobless claims supports our jobless recovery thesis as well. A jobless **[4:04]** recovery thesis as well. A jobless recovery represents right tail risk for stocks if above trend non-farm productivity growth and below trend unit labor cost inflation can be sustained. Elsewhere, the Fed's latest beige book was uh was incrementally hawkish from a policy signaling standpoint despite a greater share of US GDP reporting declining economic activity. US dollar money markets are walking back 2026 Fed rate cut expectations now at roughly two from a year-to- date peak of around three. US dollar money markets are still pricing the Fed's current policy setting as restrictive and roughly 50 basis points away from neutral. Uh regarding the um and so before we transition to fiscal policy which there's nothing actionable in the fiscal policy cycle, nothing actionable liquidity cycle and nothing actionable the positioning cycle. Uh just on this point, last point with regards to the feds restrictive policy setting, phenomenal conversation uh with our friends John Pharaoh, Lisa Ramroz, and Amry Hodern over at Bloomberg surveillance yesterday with Fed Governor Steve Moran. I highly recommend everyone take the I think it was like 15 minutes of of your day to listen to that conversation. Steve Moran uh very cogently uh explained a lot of what we've been trying to signal with regards to the Fed's uh tardy reaction function to the unwind uh to the to the to the to the slowdown in the labor market. Um you know I I I think I agree with him from an investor standpoint because I'm an investor he's a policy maker. As an investor you know we have to skate to where the puck is going in terms of trying to anticipate and ultimately you know position for evolving financial market risk. as a policy maker, he needs to be a little bit more backward-looking in his assessment of uh you know, what's happening uh in the economy because obviously the the downside risk u you know is greater from an aggregate utility standpoint. Uh but you know so he has this view that you know it's a little bit too early to tell to uh to see whether or not AI is actually having a negative impact on the labor market. We disagree with that particular point of his his commentary. We think it already is having a negative impact on the labor market across a variety of metrics. Whether you look at the sharp reduction in private sector job openings, uh the dramatic **[6:04]** openings, uh the dramatic underperformance of employment growth relative to uh you know key leading indicators of employment growth, um as well as the obvious uh uh uh structural uptrend and and an outperformance of the unemployment rate, the youth unemployment rate relative to uh the U3 headline unemployment rate. Uh there's so many signals in the labor market that says there's something wrong about this business cycle. Not the least of which is the low higher low fire nature of the labor business cycle as well as the structural uptrend in the uh percent of unemployed uh the long-term um percent of unemployed. Uh you know in terms of folks who've been unemployed for over 26 weeks or more I think it's at 25% now versus a long run mean of about 16%. So there's so many signs that there's something wrong in the labor market that we can't quite put our finger on. you know, I think uh the Fed policy makers would suggest that uh you know, there's other factors uh driving those dynamics, but in our view uh there's this very big thing that you know, the Fed has largely been missing. And so to land this plane, going back to that one phenomenal conversation yesterday, conversation yesterday, [laughter] if if you know, even if it's too early to tell, we know that the labor market is dramatically underperforming the economy and dramatically underperforming leading dramatically underperforming leading indicators of of employment growth. And so it behooves the Fed to take its policy out of this restrictive setting and at least get to neutral as quickly as possible. Now we can debate where neutral is. Our view is that you know we saw it with the market's expectation of neutral as opposed to some kakami uh uh uh uh model uh especially in the middle of a a forth turning or you know the breakdown of the global world order according to Ray Dalio's framework. I mean there's so much stuff changing right now. I don't know how you can credibly say your model for Rstar neutral is is accurate at this particular juncture. It's very clearly not. Uh you'd have to you so you you couldn't manage risk on the buy side with those kinds of models right now. Uh we'll leave it at that. But the key takeaway is that the Fed's still restrictive and they are contributing to the risk of a jobless recovery by maintaining this restrictive policy setting. So uh we're wrapping it up there in terms of uh in terms of the six key macro cycles that influence the momentum and dispersion within and **[8:05]** momentum and dispersion within and across [snorts] asset markets. Uh um so continue reviewing to learn whether our institutional grade risk management overlay is KISS and Dr. Mo are evolving their signals in response to these or anticipated uh fundamental uh dynamics. All right, transitioning to our 42 macro dashboard as always wrap up with a question from our community. Uh but before we do that, I did have one final thought on this uh Fed restrictive policy setting. Uh and going back to the commentary Steve Moran uh made which I wholeheartedly agree with which we've been arguing since you know I think I've published three opeds on the Fed starter reaction function to the squishy labor market uh since last summer. Uh the key takeaway is that you know even if we don't know you know that the outcome is in terms of AI's ultimate impact on the labor market obviously the distribution of probable outcomes is still very wide at the current juncture what the Fed can do to support the labor market at a time of of transition and a time of great uncertainty is lower its policy rate and and and the bare minimum bring the policy rate back to a neutral setting so it's no longer applying downward pressure on the labor market at least according to uh the market's uh pricing of neutral. So, uh, getting back into, uh, our community here, wrapping up with a question. This one's titled Poland and Gold says, "Hi, Skipper. Any thoughts on the potential unwind of Poland's gold reserve? Do you see this as central banks changing their approach or just cashing out some of their reserves to address fiscal necessities? Uh, [laughter] [laughter] like I alluded to earlier, we're still in the middle of a fourth turning. We have not seen the fourth turning climax. uh we're still in the breakdown of the the the world order according to you know great Alio's five big forces framework. I think you got to be short any economy and society whose central bank is selling gold right now. I mean seriously that just demonstrates an incredible lack of foresight. Uh again, I'm going to pick on Poland, but uh if you have a central bank out there selling gold right now, I'll tell you right now that that they're making a very very bad choice in the context of what could be a uh meaningful breakdown in the geopolitical world order. Obviously the geopolitical driven supply demand imbalance in the Treasury securities **[10:06]** imbalance in the Treasury securities market uh which we identified back in the summer of 2023 which maintain which remains as our core research view and is one of the reasons why we've been able to accurately forecast so many economic da d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d dynamics both domestically and abroad until those things are over until the fourth turning is over until the you know the deferring of the geopolitical world order is over and we have a new resolution and a new condition a new steady equilibrium which we're very clearly not at yet I don't know how you be selling gold particularly as a central bank. So, uh I'd be short Poland and short the Polish economy and society if their central bank is making decisions like this. So, uh I I don't think I I highly doubt they're going to continue selling gold, but if they do, uh put them on your short list and leave them there. So, we'll wrap it up there. Darius still here presenting our macro minute for Mar uh Thursday, March 5th, 2026. 2026. Uh tomorrow we have the jobs report. Uh traditionally we do our macro scouting report uh on Friday, the jobs report Friday, but we got some scheduling conflicts. So we'll do our macro scouting report, our monthly macro scouting report next Friday. Uh so uh we'll catch you back here uh tomorrow. Uh anyway, so everyone have a wonderful day. Cheers.
