---
title: "What Should Investors Do If Their Portfolio Is Down YTD?"
channel: "As you watch, juxtapose our warnings for choppy, turbulent markets amid a historic degree of crowded bullish positioning with a levered-long investor consensus that came into 2026 ill-pre"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: 0mD4LdgbMco
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mD4LdgbMco
upload_date: 2026-03-12
duration: "10:22"
description: "Enjoy this clip from our December 5, 2025, monthly Macro Scouting Report webcast in which we unpack signals from two of the core elements of our macro risk management process – our proprietary Positioning Model and Macro Weather Model – alongside key fundamental signals from the inflation and liquid"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# What Should Investors Do If Their Portfolio Is Down YTD?

**Channel:** As you watch, juxtapose our warnings for choppy, turbulent markets amid a historic degree of crowded bullish positioning with a levered-long investor consensus that came into 2026 ill-pre
**Date:** 2026-03-12
**Duration:** 10:22
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mD4LdgbMco

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** So we'll start with our general market outlook. We view the 1 to threemonth outlook as choppy due to the Fed falling further behind the rate and liquidity curves amid the historically crowded bullish or bullish position. We either view the 12-month outlook as bullish due to the administration's choice to outgrow the debt trajectory with the progrowth policy mix. So uh we use our macro weather models to assess the probability of regime change in asset markets over a short to medium-term time horizon. So let's start with the growth cycle. If we look at real GDP uh X government and net exports, that's a strong negative impulse. We look at real personal consumption expenditures, personal consumption expenditures, that's a weak positive impulse. We look at private sector labor income, that's a weak positive impulse. If we look at S&amp;P 500 next 12 month EPS, that's a strong uh positive impulse there. Uh if we look at uh consensus shortrun potential real GDP estimate, that's a strong positive impulse. So on balance, the growth cycle is currently a tailwind for asset markets over a short to medium-term time horizon. Uh if we look at the inflation cycle, headline CPI is a weak positive impulse. The core PC price defiliator is a strong negative impulse. The CRB index is a strong uh negative impulse. The the 5-year 5-year forward inflation swap rate is a weak negative impulse. And the consensus shortrun potential headline CBI estimate is a strong positive impulse. On net, the inflation cycle uh flipped to a a modest tailwind uh currently uh for for market risk. And so uh on balance, you know, the inflation cycle moving towards a modest tailwind is starting to change or getting close to changing some of these signals here, the composite signals there in the middle of the page. Not quite. We'll see as we continue to now cast data uh into the uh system. Uh transitioning to our monetary policy cycle, we got a strong easing impulse in the Fed funds rate. We got a weak easing impulse in the 2-year nominal Treasury yield Fed funds rate spread. We got a strong tightening impulse in the Fed Treasury Holdings marketable Treasury debt ratio. We have a strong tightening impulse in bank reserves commercial bank assets ratio. And then we have a strong tightening impulse in the sulfur IRB spread. Uh so on balance the monetary policy cycle is a headwind uh for asset markets at the current juncture of a near near-term headwind. Uh transitioning to our fiscal policy cycle we have a strong tightening impulse in the sovereign fiscal balance GDP ratio. We got a strong tightening **[2:02]** GDP ratio. We got a strong tightening impulse in the trailing 12 month federal revenue. We got a strong tightening impulse in trailing 12 month federal expenditures. We got a a strong tightening impulse in the treasury general comp balance the bank reserves ratio. And then we have a weak easing impulse uh in the uh bills to marketable treasury debt ratio. So on balance the fiscal policy cycle is a a headwind for asset markets over the short to medium-term time horizon. Transition to liquidity uh we had a strong positive impulse in the 42 macro global liquidity proxy. We got a strong uh negative impulse in 42 macro net liquidity which tracks US liquidity dynamics. Uh we have a strong easy impulse in the move index. A weak easing impulse in the 10-year US Treasury term premium and a weak tightening impulse in the US dollar broad nominal effective exchange rate. So on net the liquidity cycle is a tailwind uh for asset markets over a short to medium-term time horizon. And then lastly positioning four of the five uh uh these are the five best positioning cycle indicators as ranked by the amount of dispersion they display at major bull market peaks and bare market troughs. Uh and four of the five are currently uh breaching the thresholds that they've historically observed at these uh major uh bubble peaks uh in asset market. So that's obviously not great. So unbalanced. Uh if you look at the short to medium-term model for stocks, gold, Bitcoin, commodities are bearish, bonds bullish, US dollar uh bullish still. So uh I don't think we're out of the woods yet from a short to medium-term perspective. Um you know, it may be the case that we get learn more things from a monetary signaling standpoint. We're eventually going to get to the other side of the U-shaped fiscal policy dynamics as well. Uh then and those two dynamics could ultimately, you know, trigger uh uh you know, a reversal in some of the bearish uh signaling that we have here in the middle of the page. But again that has not happened yet. Uh this is models about observing what is true and then the rest of the presentation is about what may become true uh in the future. So uh finally positioning considerations going a little long but let's do it. Our macro weather model currently views the positioning cycle as a near-term headwind for asset markets. Our position model is currently signaling a high degree of crowded bullish positioning which translates to a high risk of a **[4:03]** which translates to a high risk of a crash over a medium-term time horizon which is 3 to 12 months in our risk management nomenclature. The positioning cycle is not a catalyst in isolation. Can't say that enough. It is not a catalyst in isolation. You need accumulation of bad news to to unwind crowded bullish or bearish positioning. You need accumulation of bad news to unwind crowded bullish positioning. you know, accumulation of bad news or good news rather to unwind accumul crowded a bearish position. And so crashes tend to occur when our model signals high risk of a crash at is current as it is currently doing now. And there is at least one usually more negative development as in the other five key macro cycles. So as we talk about we use our position model to assess the probability of significant reversals in momentum across asset markets over multiple time horizons. If you look at the eight positioning cycle indicators that correspond to the, you know, the broad full cycle market risk outlook, seven of the eight are already breaching levels that are consistent with their major with a major bull market peak. So that is an uncomfortable situation at at best and quite frankly concerning at worst. uh the our position model is currently signaling the highest degree of crowded bullish positioning ever on a median basis and the third highest ever on a mean basis as it relates to what each of these indicators applies for crowded bullish positioning relative to uh their uh you know respectable market peak uh thresholds. So again, concerning to say the least. Sticky inflation risk complicating the monetary policy outlook amid a widening dispersion of views regarding the neutral rate. So this is a fun chart. If you look at the one on the left here, it says the number of unique estimates of the neutral policy rate among FO FOMC members. So back in 2012 when they started the dot plot, there were five different estimates of the neutral policy rate which we're interpreting as the long run uh um you know the long run the longer run projection of the dot plot. uh it's went up to you know kind of eight you know cycle somewhere between five to seven to five to eight you know all the way up until kind of like you know 2023 and then since 2023 exploding higher uh 7 8 9 10 got up to **[6:07]** exploding higher uh 7 8 9 10 got up to 12 at one point we're back at 11 right now there are there's 19 FOMC members 19 they have 11 different estimates of the neutral policy rate now again I'm not a fan of group think I'm not saying they should all have the same estimate or a real tight cluster of dispersion. What I'm calling out here is the fact that they're increasingly desperate, their estimates, the increas the widening dispersion of their estimates is likely to contribute to a complicated at best monetary policy outlook beyond next Wednesday's rate cut because they're going to start to argue over what's the appropriate level. They're going to say, "Hey, whoa, slow down." This guy's going to be like, "Hey, you're getting close to my neutral rate. If you keep going, you're going to be easing policy. I don't want you to ease policy at 3%." and this person is going to say it and that person's going to say it and see you see what I mean. So what's going to happen is you know it's going to get harder and harder to get the rate from what is certainly a restrictive setting for the low to median income households the the small businesses and the interest rate sensitive sectors. It's going to get harder to unrestrict that um as we move forward in time. So that's a dynamic that investors need to be aware of. By the way, marginally hawkish forward guidance as US dollar money markets currently pricing in a less than 50% probability of cutting at every FOMC meeting beyond next Wednesday. There's no meeting beyond next Wednesday where a rate cut, i.e. going from one level to the next level to the next level, has a 50% probability, a greater than 50% probability. And so it's now a worse than a coin toss odds that the Fed cuts again. Now again as you accumulate and move forward in time the the curve slopes downward you know if you look at the IS curve or the Fed fun futures curve but at no particular meeting does the market feel confident enough to say they're going to cut in this meeting and that in my opinion is is reflective of this uh uh widening dispersion of neutral rate views which is something chair pow has called out years of balance sheet runoff drained bank reserves and likely left liquidity and funding markets at or below the Fed's desired ample level. So uh you know we went from roughly about 16% of the uh market for marketable treasury debt **[8:08]** market for marketable treasury debt securities in the bill market now 22%. We've been at that level for years now. Uh because we've been rolling over so many bills now you have to have a pretty high level of the treasury general account balance because there's a lot more bill management now. Uh so that's numbers $99 billion or targeting $850 billion at the end of the year. And that's about 32% of commercial uh bank reserves. uh and so this new structurally elevated TGA balance is now weighing on the uh the bank reserves. So bank reserves are down at you know let's call it 2 point uh 8 2.8 2.9 trillion that's about 12% of commercial bank assets. The last time we got to this level of commercial bank assets was in uh early sorry not early mid 2018 and we know it happened in late 2018 uh Q4 of 2018. So just be aware we're we're getting to some dangerous levels in terms of bank reserves. So, the Fed's going to have to do something about that. Hopefully, they do it before the market crashes, not after. Uh, years of doubish net financing policy have perpetuated a structural increase in the treasury comp balance, which is drained bank reserves uh as well. So, I just realized that these charts are backwards. I should um explain this chart then this chart. I got to swap that for the final publication. But, uh remember everything I just said there and and and copy and paste that headline on it and then I'll read uh this headline and then go to that chart. So again, the the liquidity in funding markets is below the Fed's desired Apple level. So again, we've had 11 percentage points decline from the Fed's Treasury portfolio to marketable Treasury debt ratio uh to 14 percentage points. Like it peaked out at 25 percentage points in 2021. It's declined 11 percentage points to 14%. I don't know if 14% is the right number. Who knows what the right numbers are? No one knows these right numbers are there. We're all making this stuff up as we go along. Let's be honest. Uh but 14% is probably not the right number if you have funding stress in the repo market as we're obviously observing that we talked about in macro minute
