---
title: "The Macro Minute: Is the consensus rush to acquire downside protection over yet?"
channel: "Is the consensus rush to acquire downside protection over yet?"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: 6WdURFIqTt4
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WdURFIqTt4
upload_date: 2026-03-04
duration: "14:20"
description: "In today's video, Darius answers the following question:"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The Macro Minute: Is the consensus rush to acquire downside protection over yet?

**Channel:** Is the consensus rush to acquire downside protection over yet?
**Date:** 2026-03-04
**Duration:** 14:20
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WdURFIqTt4

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** Happy Wednesday out there team42. It's your skipper here at Darius D to present our macro minute for Wednesday, March 4th, 2026. Hope everyone's having a great week. So, as always, we'll start with the executive summary from today's leadoff morning note. So, let's dive right in. Today's key macro question is, is the consensus rush to acquire downside protection over yet? answer. Round one may be over, but there will likely be more rounds of Delta hedging in the absence of strong signals that the war will be contained from an inflation impact perspective. Touch on that shortly. Here are the most important things we learned today regarding the six key macro cycles that influence the momentum and dispersion within and across asset markets on a trend basis. Terms of growth, the February ISM services PMI data supported our paradigm C theme and did not support our staky inflation theme. uh recall that paradigm C is the grow phase of the cut growth sequence required to address the geopolitically driven uh uh supply demand imbalance in the treasury bond market. Um the sharp rally in the economy weighted ISM composite PMI supported our paradigm C theme as well. The weak positive impulse uh in auto sales in February supported our paradigm C theme. uh the weak positive impulses in ADP private sector employment and ADP true private sector employment which is ex healthcare and education in February uh did not support our jobless recovery thesis. Elsewhere in the Euro zone, the February composite PMI data did not support our outlook for moderating growth. In China, the official February composite PMI data did not support our outlook for firming growth. The unofficial February composite PMI data did, however. In Japan, the February composite PMI data supported our outlook for firming growth. And in the UK, the February composite PMI data did not support our outlook for moderating growth. Regarding inflation, which is the key topic today, the February ISM services PMI data supported our expectation for continued disinflation driven largely by housing and labor. The deceleration of median annual pay in the February ADP report supported our expectation for continual or continued **[2:02]** expectation for continual or continued disinflation driven largely by housing and labor as well. Elsewhere, the investing public was severely caught off guard by the threat of a geopolitically driven spike in inflation, which we could observe via the greater than 90% strength of signal attributed to the current Goldilocks market regime as of last Friday, which is the day before the initial attacks. We could also observe this extreme vulnerability via the current breath of bullish signals for sovereign bond markets specifically global Brazil, China, India, Switzerland, UK and US according to our global liquidity model. Recall that these signals are generated by the confluence of a downtrending consensus shortrun potential headline CPI estimate which is the blend of the current year next year to smooth out the uh comparative base effects as well and the confluence of that and a trending negative inflation surprises. So if you think about this, taking a step back for a continue, markets were heavily positioned for a high probability of a continuation of the Goldilocks regime as evidenced by that 90% strength of signal reading prior to the uh the the launch of the initial attacks. Markets are also investors are also very much expecting disinflation not just domestically but globally as evidenced by the downtrend in that consensus shortrun potential headline CBI metric which again is the blend of the current year and next year which is a general sense of what economists across global Wall Street think about inflation. They're all revising their inflation generally revising their inflation outlooks lower. uh and this is coming on the heels of or really being perpetuated by generally speaking uh trending negative inflation surprises in each of those uh regions in each of those geographies. So clearly the market was not set up for dealing with a geopolitically driven spike in inflation and so that's part of the reason why we saw so much such a rush for delta hedging activity uh over the past few days. That rush will continue if the war if there's any signal that the war will continue to evolve and and break uh you know whatever the market's **[4:04]** break uh you know whatever the market's expectation for containment uh is from an inflation impact perspective because then obviously you're talking about revising uh cut uh pricing out uh rate hikes from uh sovereign debt sovereign yield curves particularly the US and the UK you're talking about potentially pricing in sorry my apologies not rate hikes rate cuts pricing out rate cuts from sovereign uh bond markets money markets uh particularly the US and the UK. Uh and then potentially pricing in some uh tightening out of the ECB and incremental tightening or rather policy normalization by the Bank of Japan. So uh obviously you know this is a vulnerable condition that was shocked by a political catalyst and now market participants are rushing to acquire delta hedges or or were rushing to acquire delta hedges to deal with that. Uh getting back into this executive summary in monetary policy nothing actionable uh today fiscal policy uh this was I thought was interesting. Turkey was struck uh on Wednesday, marking the first attack on a NATO member since the hostilities began. The strike came despite the country not participating in the war and refusing to permit its airspace to be used for operations targeting Iran. For what it's worth, Turkey hosting NATO ballistic missile defense early warning radar curisic, roughly 435 miles west of Iran's border where debris from an interceptor landed about 60 miles away. So, the reason I put this in fiscal policy is because as we talked about uh in our around the horn webcast on Saturday uh and in our uh uh leadoff morning note on uh was it on Monday, the US simply cannot afford uh uh extended geopolitical conflicts. I mean in theory it could it'll eventually print the money but from the perspective of our um already uh widening budget deficit on a fiscal annualized fiscal year-to-ate basis and in the perspect and from the perspective of the runaway freight train that is doubledigit compound growth in uh true interest expense which is a metric we borrowed from our friend Luke Gro over at Forest for the trees that's the sum of Medicare national defense net interest and social security the runaway free train that is true interest expense plus the fact that we're slashing a hole in the already large budget deficit with ABBA in terms of the reduction in tax **[6:05]** ABBA in terms of the reduction in tax collections that we're going to see from the income, individual income and corporate tax side of things. This is a terrible time to start a big war. Uh and so striking a NATO ring and I bring this up is striking a NATO country will obviously uh entangle the US into a further uh military engagement and you know potentially risk you know a very larger large scale uh uh engagement uh in Iran and and any other uh neighboring countries that Iran supports from a terrorism perspective. So, you know, be on the radar for that and the impact that they may have on sovereign curves across uh the world. Uh with regards to with the sector liquidity, nothing actionable. Uh positioning uh geopolitical risk deteriorated after Iran rejected reports of outreach to Washington for negotiations with Iran's military ministry of intelligence declaring attain that to Iran and contacted the CIA to be quote pure falsehood and psychological warfare. This comes amid defense secretary Pete Hexth asserting that the US and Israeli forces are approaching full operational dominance of Iranian airspace as both governments prepare to intensify strikes deeper inside Iran. Roughly a dozen countries are now entangled in the widening conflict as Tran launches attacks on US military bases and embassies across the Middle East while Israel conducts simultaneous air and ground operations against Iranian aligned Hezbollah in Lebanon. And again, the reason we bring this up positioning cycle, especially especially with respect to the Delta hedging, doesn't look like Iran's gonna roll over easily here. I mean, they're obviously going to get their butts whooped. Uh so the sooner they give give up, the better for them uh in terms of the Iranian uh leadership, but uh if they're going to dig in uh and reject, you know, calls for peace, uh this is going to last and it's going to last as long as they, you know, it's lasted for thousands of years. So I doubt this conflict is going to end the hostilities between the Muslim and Christian world or at least the radical Muslim and Christian world. It's not going to end those hostilities. So uh just be aware of that. So u you know obviously we're dealing with uncertainty here. We're not dealing with risk. Uh we're dealing with uncertainty. We don't know the full distribution of this outcome. We know it's you know we're moving from a high probability to **[8:06]** we're moving from a high probability to go to oxygen where defensives was generally expecting a broad disinflation across many economies in that was um that was being confirmed by uh trending disinflationary uh uh trending downsides and rises inflation across a broad swap of major economies to 80 90 potentially $100 crude oil uh and prolonged uh geopolitical uh conflict and and and and congestion with regards to shipping. So uh that's a big jump condition uh and risk. So, um, answering the key question of the day is the consensus rust to acquire downside protection over yet, protection over yet, I don't know. But as long as inflation's an issue, it won't be. So, we'll wrap it or not wrap it up there. We'll transition to our 42 micro dashboard. As always, we wrap up with a question from our our community. This one's not a question, but a comment, an important comment. Uh, it says titled 42 macro partnership. It says, "Huge, congrats to DD on the official thoughtful money partnership with Adam Tagert. Long overdue and welldeserved. I've also been wa watching Adam over the years and couldn't recommend a more grounded guy uh to form a partnership with. Huge blessings to you and your family. Uh and then another member of our global investor community uh highlights. Uh yes, good job, Ski. He's watching you on YouTube. So, just want to say thank you. Uh just flagged that partnership. So, we are the officially endorsed DIY investment solution uh for the hundreds of thousands of investors uh in the thoughtful money uh global investor community. uh really grateful for our friend, my personal friend, close personal friend Adam Taggard. Uh wonderful human being uh doing a lot of great work for uh do a lot of the Lord's work uh in the context of the skills that the Lord blessed him and me uh uh with. Um so really really excited to begin that partnership uh as the official DIY solutions provider for uh uh Thoughtful Money. Obviously, you know, we don't show our kiss and Dr. Mo signals. those are, you know, reserved for uh exclusively for our our audience for, you know, inside of our payw wall for our global vest community. Uh but those are the you know, those are the signals that that's those are the tools that keep our clients on the right side of market risk. I mean, you know, we talked about in that um conversation uh which Adam released on Tuesday. Uh definitely check that out at my latest **[10:08]** definitely check that out at my latest discussion with him on thoughtful money. um you know as Adam as we talked about with Adam on on Tuesday you know Adam was pretty um kind to highlight our our investing success since we launched this company and and obviously since we've been uh you know having those conversations with them and we don't generally speaking on the right side of market risk since we started the company five years ago uh and that's not by luck nor is it by you know my ability to predict the future with regards to fundamental economic dynamics has nothing to do with either of those I mean has something to do with those things but largely speaking it's KISS and it's Dr. Mo Kiss being the institutional grade risk management overlay we use to help retail investors stay on the right side of market risk and Dr. Mo being the institutional grade risk management overlay that we use to help institutional investors and highly sophisticated retail traders stay on the right side of market risk. So uh definitely check it out uh check us out um appreciate you guys uh tuning in to these macro minutes. Appreciate you guys tuning in to my discussions with Adam on YouTube. Uh we get a lot of positive feedback when I'm on uh those sort of long form discussions which unfortunately I don't have as much time as I used to uh to do those discussions. Um you know we also partner with a PR partner that wants to be you know primarily focused on uh broadcast media uh in terms of growing our business. So you know I'm respecting their wishes there as well. So you guys unfortunately don't get to see me in the long form uh discussions like I used to. One of the things I personally like about those long form discussions uh is you know I I get to slow down and kind of explain things in a way uh even even more so than I do uh you know let's say in our round the horn or macro scouting reports when we have a lot of content to get through in a short amount of time. Uh you know my my expectation you know for the folks who are watching our round the horns and our macro scouting reports is that they you know invest some of their time to come up the curve using our litany of educational resources here that you can access in the dashboard. We got our KISS FAQ. We got our Dr. Mo FAQ. We got our investing during the four turning regime FAQ, which is where all those paradigms come from. Paradigm A through E. A being the geopolitical driven supply demand imbalance and treasury bond market. Paradigm B being **[12:08]** treasury bond market. Paradigm B being the cut phase of the cut growse seekness required to deal with paradigm A, C being the growth phase and ultimately D being the print phase, the debasement phase. And so, uh, that's where we're all headed in our opinion. And it's incumbent upon us to u you know constantly be monitoring the six key macro cycles uh the evolution of those six key macro cycles that influence the momentum and dispersion within and across asset markets so that we can have a good handle on the transitions from paradigm to paradigm because it's not necessarily has to be linear uh and certainly doesn't has to occur on the timeline horizon that we initially uh set out you know so you have to be basian about this even though we have a structural framework um we also have our glossery where we explain all of our models how they interact with each other how we generally think about uh the world, how we generally think about forecasting those uh six key macro cycles and ultimately how we generally think about managing risk and financial markets. So there's a lot of terms and definitions and ultimately explanations in that uh which is exclusive to our global investor community. And then our macro class which is not exclusive to our global investor community. We make that uh free for everyone in the world to uh you know get the what we consider to be the best it's the best bang for your buck in terms of time uh the expense of time that you would have to commit uh to uh to to getting up to speed uh to learning how to think about uh managing financial market risk and ultimately managing financial market risk like a institutional uh investor. Uh so that macro class about three hours across three different segments. So, so three hours total, one hour segment each uh to get you up to speed on the kind of um insights that you know we discuss here in our global investment community that I'm discussing with many of the world's top investment managers. Recall that one of our one of my former clients is the current Treasury Secretary. One of my former clients is someone who almost made the he was certainly on the final cut to be the Fed chair. So, you know, this is this is not this is not Reddit research. This is some of the best institutional research on global Wall Street. And I'm in absolutely no words about that. You can check our track record. So, we'll wrap it up there. Terry Stella here presenting our macro minute for Wednesday, March 4th, 2026. Best of luck out there today. We'll catch you back here tomorrow. **[14:09]** We'll catch you back here tomorrow. Cheers.
