---
title: "Should Investors Buy the Dip or Reduce Exposure in Response to Rising Geopolitical Risk?"
channel: "These tools help our global investor community anticipate how our systematic risk management overlays, KISS and Dr. Mo, are likely to evolve in the coming weeks and months. This data-driven anticipation helps thousands of investors around the world dispassionately exe"
channel_slug: 42-macro
video_id: 8g_oIms3ZMU
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g_oIms3ZMU
upload_date: 2026-03-13
duration: "10:48"
description: "Enjoy this clip from our March 7, 2026, weekly Around the Horn webcast in which we unpack signals from two of the core elements of our macro risk management process – our proprietary Macro Weather Model and Global Liquidity Model."
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Should Investors Buy the Dip or Reduce Exposure in Response to Rising Geopolitical Risk?

**Channel:** These tools help our global investor community anticipate how our systematic risk management overlays, KISS and Dr. Mo, are likely to evolve in the coming weeks and months. This data-driven anticipation helps thousands of investors around the world dispassionately exe
**Date:** 2026-03-13
**Duration:** 10:48
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g_oIms3ZMU

---

## Transcript

**[0:02]** We use our macro weather model to assess the probability of a gene change in asset markets over a short to medium-term time horizon. So, let's unpack the six key macro cycles that impact the momentum and dispersion within and across asset markets over a trend basis. Again, geopolitical risk, tariffs, anything that can, you know, tickle your amigdula from the perspective of the media. Those things can have impact on a very short-term time horizon. But if if it's going to trend, it has to impact one of these six cycles in terms of inflecting the the momentum of of of one of these six key cycles. So let's start with growth. If we look at real GDP X government and net exports, um that's a weak negative impulse at a three-month SAR of 2.5%. We look at private sector labor income, that's a strong negative impulse with a three-month SAR of 2.2%. Uh so we got that data point this week. We we'll unpack on that. We'll unpack that later. If you look at non-firm productivity, uh we had a weak negative impulse at 2.8% in a 3-month SAR. Uh so, uh I'm actually very encouraged by the slowdown in non-firm productivity to only 2.8%. Recall that there was a 100 basis points, you know, the the government shutdown shaved 100 basis points off of GDP in Q4. So, this number could be somewhere closer to 3.8%. Again, these numbers are double what we trend at in productivity growth terms. Um so we basically we essentially had the last three quarters productivity was 4.4 something almost five and almost three and in the almost three it was in a quarter where we lost 100 basis points of GDP growth like I've been saying we are in a structural uptrend in productivity growth. I think I'm leading the charge on that on Global Wall Street. A lot of folks keep saying well we're not sure if it's AI we're not sure if it's AI. I'm telling you right now it's AI and it's causing a structural uptrend in productivity growth. It's not the only thing, but it is happening. Go ask the software stocks where the AI is having an impact. Um, so anyway, we look at the next uh S&amp;P 500, next fiscal year EPS, that's a three-month mean, that's a strong positive impulse with a three-month mean of $346 per share. Uh, we look at the **[2:02]** of $346 per share. Uh, we look at the consensus shortrun potential real GDP estimate, that's a strong positive impulse at 2 point at a three-month mean of 2.2%. So that's the blend of the current year and next year uh estimate by according to Wall Street Economist consensus. um that's a proxy for you know what they generally think growth will be in the economy absent the impact of comparative base effects. So if we look at growth uh the current market risk assessment is neutral for the growth cycle after the uh evolving dynamics from this week's data. Uh shifting to uh inflation headline CBI is a strong negative uh impulse. Uh the core PC at at 0.7%. We're going to get the CBI data I think next week. Uh yes. Yep. And so we'll finally get some uh right now it's it's it's keying off of a dead October data point. So that 0.7% might be a little bit uh uh depra. It's artificially lower than it probably should be. It'll pop back up, but will it pop back up to two? Will it pop back up to three? Obviously with energy rallying, you know, for the March number, is it going to pop back up to something higher than that? We'll see. Uh if you look at the core PC price deflator, uh the weak positive impulse there at at a three-month SAR of 3.0%. The CRV index, that's a weak positive impulse at a three-month SR of 13%. The 5-year 5year inflation swap rate, strong negative impulse with a three-month mean of 2.44%. 44% and the consensus shortrun potential headline CBI estimate that's a weak negative impulse at uh three-month mean of 2.6%. So on net the inflation cycle is currently a modest tailwind for risk assets transition to the monetary policy cycle. If we look at the Fed funds rate that's a strong easing impulse with a three-month mean of 3.75%. The 2-year nominal Treasury yield Fed funds rate spread is a strong easing impulse of the three-month mean of of - 24 basis points. The Fed Treasury holdings to marketable Treasury debt ratio is a weak easing impulse with a three-month mean of 14%. bank reserves to commercial bank assets ratio is a strong tightening impulse with a three-month mean of of 12%. And then the soul for IRB spread is a weak easing impulse uh with a three-month mean of two uh basis points on net the monetary policy cycles a modest tailwind for risk assets. Fiscal policy uh cyber fiscal balance to GDP ratio that's a strong tightening impulse with a three-month mean of minus 5.3%. Tran month federal **[4:04]** mean of minus 5.3%. Tran month federal revenue that's a strong easing impulse with a three-month mean of of 8% a 3-month SAR rather of 8% uh tran month federal expenditures is a strong tightening impulse with a three-month SAR minus 3%. Treasury general comp balance to bank reserves ratio. Uh that's a weak easing impulse with a three-month mean of 30 percentage points. And then bills to marketable treasury debt ratio. That's a weak tightening impulse with a three-month mean of 22%. So on net the fiscal policy cycle is a modest headwind for risk assets. Right now we obviously know it's going to become a meaningful headwind or meaningful tailwind rather in the coming months as a function of ABA. So we understand that's going to get incrementally positive at the margins. liquidity and the growth cycle should get incrementally positive at the margins. Uh you know once we get into um once we get that fiscal impulse as well and obviously we continue to get the lagged impact of monetary easing. We continue to receive the uh um you know the ongoing deregulatory push particularly financial sector regulation that are likely to cause growth to be much faster than consensus currently expects. So a lot of stuff that is positive right now obviously as indic um as as as indicated by the constellation of composite signals here in the middle of the page and we're we we've been saying as a function of our paradigm C thing theme that it's positive and going to get more positive and so that's why we continue to have a generally positive outlook for markets irrespective of the you know the choppy nature that we've been calling for since November. Uh if you look at liquidity strong positive impulse in the 42 macro global liquidity proxy that's a uh that's the aggregated sum with the global central bank balance sheets global broad money supply and global fiat FX reserves. We look at uh we got a weak positive impulse in US liquidity that's the Fed balance sheet minus the the Fed balance sheet minus the TGA minus the RP. We got a strong easing impulse in the move index with three-month mean of 67. We got a weak tightening impulse in the 10-year Treasury term premium with a three-month mean of 70 basis points. And then we got a strong easing impulse in the US uh broad nominal effective exchange rates. So right now the liquidity cycle is a meaningful tailwind uh for asset markets and so maybe one of the reasons why we see a bottom but obviously crude oil energy rallying is a negative headwind for liquidity which may ultimately you know cause this to uh condition to deteriorate in the coming weeks. So we'll see. Uh and then finally **[6:04]** we'll see. Uh and then finally positioning. Uh the position cycle is a modest headwind for risk assets as evidenced by three of the top five position cycle indicators as as indicated by uh how much dispersion that they signal with the major bull market peaks and major bare market bottoms. Uh between bull market peaks and bare market bottoms in terms of being a clean the cleanest uh indicators in the positioning model. Uh three of those are currently breaching their bubble peak means. when we look at the everything bubble peak in January 2022, housing bubble peak in October of07 and the do bubble peak in March 2000. So uh as you know each of these cycles contributes independently to each of these composite signals here in the middle of the page. So based on the current constellation of composite signals which is bullish for stocks, gold, Bitcoin and commodities and bearish for the bonds and dollar, there is a high probability of sustaining a risk on market regime over a short to medium-term time horizon according to everything we can actually observe in the data including things like the CRB indexes weak positive impulse which obviously features crude oil. So should be aware of that. Uh we use our grid model to assess the probability of regime change in asset markets over a medium to long-term time horizon. Uh so if you uh look at our grid model projections obviously we continue to see accelerating growth uh slightly less than consensus over the near term but higher than consensus once we get into the second half of the year. Uh we are at um right now currently 2.5% for 2026 from a grid model perspective which again is is ignorant of all of our fundamental research views. This is purely statistically derived process. So just the the highest probability outcome just based on the time series the autogressive nature of the US growth time series is that we grow two and a half percent uh in 20 uh uh 2026 which is right at trend census thinks we're going to grow below trend at 2.1%. So in our opinion both these numbers are too low. Uh if you look from our research perspective from the perspective of our forward looking research those numbers are too low. If you look at core PCE uh we have core PCE coming in persistently below consensus with the exception of the January print which we're going to get next Friday. So it may be the case that core PCE surprises to the upside next week. Uh we probably going to see uh inflation to the CPI uh accelerate uh **[8:04]** uh inflation to the CPI uh accelerate uh as well. Uh and then you're ultimately you you're talking about a much more hawkish dynamic, hawkish discuss discourse amongst global market participants uh you know start you know I not starting next week but that it'll it'll be a continuation of that baton. And so going back to what we talked about in the um in the in the in the in the in the executive summary which we'll talk about here now you know the market was very ill just ill positioned for a inflation shot and we can determine that obviously by the 90th plus percentile strength of signal readings by the former godilocks market regime but then when we look at our global liquidity model which we used to now cast the leading indicators of private and public sector liquidity across geographies we see that uh we had a positive the global liquidity model was generating a a positive systematic a long idea in the global bond market, uh the Brazilian bond market, the Chinese bond market, uh the Indian bond market, uh the Japanese, oh sorry not the Swiss bond market, the UK bond market and the US bond market. And how it determines that is that you get a uh consensus uh headline shortrun potential headline TPI expectation trending lower. So that means you know the consensus is negatively revising their uh 2026 and 2027 inflation uh uh forecast such that that that mean of those numbers is going lower uh over on a trend basis and you wind up with a uh uh ne trending negative inflation surprises. So you know you have a catalyst trending negative inflation surprises causing economists and investors to revise down their inflation forecast. That's positive for for the fixed income market. uh and so we have so many e economies where uh so many major economies where that dynamic was occurring. So the last thing the markets needed was a geopolitical shock uh that causes you know energy and inflation to rally in an unexpected and potentially protracted manner. That's what's going to cause an unwind in that crowd of close positioning. And so I don't know how long the geopolitical shock is going to last but we do know that markets were set up very poorly uh to deal with this dynamic. So uh transitioning and finally our key leading indicators of global liquidity currently signal significant uptrend over the medium-term. So that **[10:04]** uptrend over the medium-term. So that remains positive as well from the perspective of a forward looking market risk doesn't mean it has to you know come to fruition or that markets have to trade well but when you put everything together before we get into the fundamental research portion of the program you put everything together from our our our systematic elements of our process they're essentially telling us to just relax. Now they may tell us to do something not that other than relax next Hey.
