---
title: "Stock Market Reaction to the Iran Conflict | SpotGamma"
channel: "Join us 6PM ET March 1, 2026."
channel_slug: spotgamma
video_id: g1MrTS7Shmk
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1MrTS7Shmk
upload_date: 2026-03-02
duration: "44:13"
description: "Brent, Founder of SpotGamma, covers the futures market open to evaluate the stock market reaction to the Iranian conflict."
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-04
---

# Stock Market Reaction to the Iran Conflict | SpotGamma

**Channel:** Join us 6PM ET March 1, 2026.
**Date:** 2026-03-02
**Duration:** 44:13
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1MrTS7Shmk

---

## Transcript

**[0:05]** All right. All right. What's up everybody? Today is Sunday, March 1st. Uh future just opened and uh everyone is wondering what's going to happen today or tonight and into tomorrow with the escalation of the Iran conflict. Uh so we're going to be talking about that. We're going to be talking about a couple of the trades that I think you should be watching today into tomorrow. Uh I am not going to offer any geopolitical analysis because I'm wholly unqualified. Not only that, uh I don't think anyone really necessarily knows what's uh what's going to happen here. So, if you have any questions, pop them in the uh chat and I think I'll be able to answer those questions. Certainly see them on YouTube. Uh shout out to Wow, a lot of the spot gamma folks are hanging out in here already. That's great. Uh Dr. James, if anyone's up. Um so, [clears throat] [clears throat] there's a bunch of if then scenarios that we're going to be looking at today. And the question is, does this matter? Does this not I I for one when the Venezuela situation happened uh you know it's one of those questions you go oh this is not this does not let me pop this over to a different mic so see if we can get something a little clear for us there we go hopefully that sounds a little bit better so what we're going to do today is we're going to talk about if then scenarios right opens down how should you react market opens up what should you be looking for and I would just say that based on what I was uh able to assess this learning from all of the various tools that are floating around the world. Uh the situation seems to be as near as I could say uh very bullish for energy right because the question is going to be at the moment not so much what stocks do but what is energy if the if the straits over there uh gets closed and there's a lot of conflict there then that has a big impact on the price of oil and that could obviously uh supercharge the price of oil. So, I think that is fresh on everybody's mind. But in the short term, what is the equity market reaction likely to be? So, we're going to break that down here uh as things start to get uh set up. Uh so, oil and gold, we can take a look at that. Uh yep, FOD. And I **[2:07]** take a look at that. Uh yep, FOD. And I got my mic all set up. Um so, let's just take a quick look and see uh what we got going on over here. So, I'm going to bring up this screen. Couple interesting also takeaways that I'm going to offer from the volatility market. I want to go through a couple of trades and if you were lucky enough to have a hedge going into this event, we're going to talk about why it's important to watch volatility maybe more than the price of the S&amp;P 500. And as we look at the early look now, it looks like futures are down about 68 basis points. Um, not much, you know what I mean? And and I don't know, I think a lot of people are asking, well, how can Iran react here? What will they uh what can they muster up? What can they offer up? I remember in the uh interesting situation back in 2022 with um Russia, we saw the VIX make a high in January, right? And then the Russia situation happened and then the VIX never actually made a higher high than that. So that was a pretty muted reaction to a pretty nasty conflict uh that's still ongoing as we know with the Venezuela situation. Market didn't care. It was like it went so fast it was like dang. Uh, and so I think that a lot of people have now been bred to think that this geopolitical conflict stuff maybe isn't such a such a a nasty equity market signal or driver, especially when we look at the previous situation where we bombed Iran not all that long ago. It was an operation, it went off and then you kind of didn't hear about it again uh and then days later. And so, you know, the the muted reaction so far I think makes sense. And this is kind of where it's interesting where you choose your hedge wisely, right? One of the advantages I will say I typically don't like trading the ES E- mini futures or options on those futures. Uh I like to focus more on the cash index. But when you get a situation situation like this overnight and you want access to that liquidity, obviously you're trading spiders, you have no choice. Uh if you're trading S&amp;P, you know, later on this evening or this morning, you'll have a chance to sell. Uh but those options on futures do give you that little bit of extra liquidity window, and that's what you want to watch. So, **[4:08]** and that's what you want to watch. So, uh let's just take a quick look. I'm not going to offer as I said before um any geopolitical geopolitical analysis here um but this is what the uh this is what perplexity had to say about this situation and essentially it all boils down uh to this idea of what is the retaliation that Iran can muster uh the straits of Hermuz is partially disrupted oil shipments uh they're suspended already if that can continue. Well, then that obviously jacks up the price of oil. And then the base case for that then is $80 to $85 oil. And then if you're talking about worst case, there's one group in here that claims, you know, you can get oil up into uh $140. I don't know that any of that is true. Uh but it seems to be that energy thing right now seems to be uh what is arguably more concerning than the equity market uh as we start this off. So keep an eye on that uh energy situation. It's also interesting because let's break down in the spot gamma dashboard here when we get into our scanner tool. What's cool about the scanner tool is it tells us how uh various assets were positioned into events. So, this is as of Friday night's close, right? So, before the situation occurred. I will say there's a gentleman who kicks around the spot gamma uh ecosphere. He's uh he goes by the dude. Um I hope it's Jeff Fischer. If it's not, uh that's still cool. and he was saying, "How do we hedge this situation?" Right? How do you hedge or what's your what's your hedge for an event like this? Uh I did not remember to get around to this question, so I'm going to talk about after the fact. But the reason I bring this up is because there were some stirrings happening um in the markets that I think were interesting. Number one, this is high put values show up here on the right of this compass chart. This is looking at one month option. So if you have, excuse me, high call values, it's on the right side of this chart. High put values on a relative basis show up on the left. So if we're more in a callheavy market or for the given asset or stock you're looking at shows up on the right of that chart. Put heavy show up on the left. So **[6:10]** chart. Put heavy show up on the left. So people are quite bearish right now in the single stocks as you can see here. makes you wonder if people kind of had a better or stronger uh than you know I don't want to say insider trading but you know uh maybe people had a good idea that this was coming uh because people were quite bearish in the equity space right even though the equity market's done literally nothing over really since Thanksgiving we've been in the 6800 to 7,000 range so that's very put heavy versus call heavy now that just explains the relationship between puts and calls the prices we call that the 25 delta options and we compare the implied volatility. So that's a little bit heady, but if people are more into calls, you're on the right of this chart, more into puts, you're on the left side of this chart. And then we have IV rank. So if you think about IV rank, high IV rank means people are expecting a lot of volatility, a lot of price movement in the asset versus low IV rank is a pretty sleepy situation. So if you look at the bond space, even though the credit market's moving around right now and doing a whole bunch of weird things, what do we see here? LQD HY really low implied V. IV rank is at a five. Remember the April tariff tantrums are all in these numbers. So this is comparing against that really extreme volatility. So right now bond vault pretty low right. What do you look at oil? Oil has a risk reversal of 88. What does that mean? Calls are more bid versus puts than they have been uh over 88% of the time in the last year. And implied V is a 93 almost. What does that mean? and the IV rank at 93 says look 90% of the time this is higher than 90% of the previous marks we have here uh in our database for the last year. So oil is absolutely moving. This looks a lot like gold and silver and this is off of Friday night's marks. So if anything now you're going to see oil has bit a little bit more. I think I probably have a a delayed here delayed here uh look at this. But let's take a look at the crude futures market. You can see they gapped higher here all the way up at 75. So that's about 8%. So if anything, you're just going to get more movement uh here in that oil and the energy sector. And on that point on the energy stocks, **[8:11]** energy stocks, if you bring up XLE and just take a look at those or at that space, you can see right here a decent amount of volatility is expected, but it didn't seem like people were starting to bid up space stocks in that generalized energy sector here. So there wasn't kind of that sneaky bid to some of those names, even though if you look at the energy sector, it's been uh pricing pretty well. So that is the one to watch. The other thing to pay attention to here is gold. I think the more uncertainty you have, the better off these me metals are doing. This is gapping significantly higher as you can see here. And if we just zoom out, we're threatening, you know, not necessarily all-time highs. I think they may call this a shooting star or whatever if we can keep it going. Uh but clearly there is a strong bid there. Uh and then last but not least, you look at silver up another 3% as well. So you would expect that bid to silver and gold to continue because of the uncertainty and the more uncertain uncertainty on the geopolitical front things get uh the more people sort of look at you know the dollar situation do I want dollars do I not all that macro pieces uh that stuff is moving away and so all that what that ends up getting you or showing you is that you would expect gold silver and oil that is going to stay elevated and we're probably going to shift to the right on this chart especially in gold and silver if a bid starts to come back into that. What does that mean? That means if you're long gold and silver options already, you're feeling really good about this move. If you're long oil energy options, you're still probably feeling good about this move. But I will say this about oil. When you get to these situations where the implied vault is extreme and the uh the bid is into calls, what that situation is is the options are extremely expensive. It's stock up vault up in that situation, right? So when you have that, right? and Paul Mitten saying Vall's up one one right and you know I think you got to wait for that to to warm up a little bit I don't I don't think Vall's really going to spike all that much uh at least initially here so the point back to oil a lot of people say what is the value I don't trade options I shouldn't watch the options market and I don't think that could be further from the truth because you can get a lot of information from how options are priced and right **[10:12]** from how options are priced and right now even though crude and the future and the commodity is not being dictated by say USO and there's a little bit of distinguish or different der excuse me, differentiation there. What is interesting is when that V gets extremely expensive, it is often a topping signal. And so, yes, the oil is expensive, but if you own those options, you're probably not going to get a whole lot more out of those calls because that V is so high. And I'm going to show you why this matters in a second. And I also just want to talk about gold and silver because with silver in particular, if we look at SLV, we were talking so much about silver and it traded 6 million contracts, the SLV, which is almost more than spiders, which is incredible. And that was on this day right here, the 29th of January. And after that, we absolutely plummeted. So, while IV rank was in the 90s and even got into the hundreds in here for silver, you can see what happens there where you take that sort of escalator up, elevator down in those types of situations or environments. And then when that V cools off, then you see that bid sort of reform and come back in. Gold was a similar thing, right? You had IV ranks of 90 plus and it and it just maxed out. Why? Because you can't buy calls and necessarily make money anymore because the options are so expensive. So you can buy a call option but you paid too much and even if gold continues to go up it didn't continue to go up at this rate of change right and so with options that's such an important thing to consider what is the volume you're paying what is the options price you're paying and when those options get too expensive guess what happens smart people come in and they sell those options and you start to work against those people and that's a very critical dynamic to understand now as with oil and some of these commodities with oil if they shut down the straits of Hermuz or whatever else it may be who cares is necessarily what options prices are, but it is something to uh really pay attention to. Um, fox fly fishing, what's up, man? Um, spy put flies in there. All right, so let's **[12:13]** put flies in there. All right, so let's let's uh let's break this down about and this is going to be the critical thing, I think. You know, initial reaction here with the futures market. We're holding above this 6,800 on the on the futures. And so we're going to talk about gamma right now and break down gamma and where things can be slippery and where we kind of cross the chasm into a situation where we would look for more convexity in the market. And when I talk about convexity and why that matters is because when you start to move to the downside and you get into a negative gamut environment, we all know now that when the stock market moves down and you get in this negative gamma environment, the word is right that dealers and market makers will sell futures into that yada yada yada, right? The interesting thing though there too is that the VIX starts to spike. What does that mean? That means that convexity is getting involved. Vega and volatility starts to become this important driver. And why does that matter? Because that is where the convexity comes into the market. Meaning when you have a put option and the market is crashing, just like if you own oil or gold and those stocks or commodities are ripping, options prices, the rate of change starts to accelerate. And so the only way that you can really start to hedge that type of downside movement is with other options, right? And you have to start worrying about the impact of of Vega necessarily more than just sort of a linear delta hedge where you're just saying, okay, markets down a little bit, sell a couple futures, sell a little bit of stock, no problem. No, when V starts to spike and you get VIX 3040, right, that's where you start to get this convexity and that's where things really start to uh start to break. Uh apologies about that if there's some ads showing up. Normally I don't have these ads on here. If you're getting interrupted, I apologize. Uh little bit of a oneman band with the YouTube setup today. So I probably clicked some buttons that I shouldn't. I can assure you I don't want the 50 cents that uh I could potentially make on this. this. Uh all right. So when am I talking about this and why does it matter? Um I'm going to load up here a b very basic option. This is our options calculator and we can let you change the implied **[14:13]** and we can let you change the implied vs. So, what I'm going to do here is I'm just going to put a long put in the S&amp;P 500. Uh, we're going to start with one month options. And this is going to talk about that convexity situation that we have here in a second. Right? So, when you look at an option, and in this case, we have our option loaded up here. And what I really want to show is something like a 25 delta option, right? Not too far out of the money. Nice low enough that we should get some convexity if this kicks in. this kicks in. not too far out of the money so that they can move even if we don't do a whole lot here. So, let's go 6675 for 331. That's the quarter and expiration. Uh, as of the close, they were at 75 bucks. Now, if you buy an at the money or in the money option, there's less convexity in that. What does that mean? You buy an in the money option, it moves one for one with the S&amp;P index, right? It has a 100 delta. So, you're not getting that convexity as a hedge, right? It's essentially the same as shorting 100 shares. When you buy out of the money options and the market starts to move down, say 1%. Well, the gains in your option could be 20, 30, 40 times higher than that if you buy far enough out, right? In a true explosion of volatility, a 2008, you know, nuclear war, god forbid we don't have any of that in that type of a situation, right? That's where that true convexity kicks in. in. So, why do I care about that in this situation? And why does this matter? Again, if you're fortunate enough to own hedges, this is really critical, I think. uh dynamic to pay attention to here this morning. If you didn't buy puts and you want to, you also need to be aware of this dynamic. If you own oil, you should be aware of this dynamic. If you're looking at gold and silver, you should be aware of this dynamic. Why? Because V is such a big driver here. And I think that as a driver, it has a huge impact on the markets. In the markets these days, and I know I keep going on these diet tribes, but in the markets now, we have so much volatility that what it used to be is an event would happen and people would judge the event kind of on its own merits. And then the market may react, right? But now what happens is we get these big market movements and then people look at that movement and they go, "Oh my gosh, this is more important **[16:13]** go, "Oh my gosh, this is more important news than it matters." Deep Seek and Nvidia, right, was a huge one. Tesla and and Trump fighting with each other, stocks down 14% a day. people go, "Oh my god, this is the most important thing that's ever happened." When it's actually derivatives that are causing the driving and they're driving the volatility makes things more volatility than normal and then people uh take that reaction. So here Vinnie saying futures are bid and indeed we're starting to pop and if you're in unfortunately spiders puts or calls uh excuse me puts you can't really do a whole lot. So let's get to the point here Brent. Okay this is time to expiration. If you hold at expiration this is the payoff of that put. we all sort of understand these basic charts. I'm going to shorten this to two days from now. Okay. Now, as we all know what happens and and this is a microcosm of what happens to positioning at large and I'll show you what the dealer positioning is immediately after this. Okay. So, we're all if the uh market opens at 6750, these puts that you own in theory would make you about a,000 bucks. Right now, this assumes that V doesn't move. Now in this situation, Iran war situation, let's say things escalate overnight. Let's hope that everything cools off, but let's say it escalates overnight. Obviously, V's going to be bid, right? So, what happens when V gets bid? [clears throat] [clears throat] What we're going to do here is we're going to take the current implied V as of the market's close on Friday. We're going to shift that V up. Let's just shift it up 10 V points. Okay, let's shift it up 20 V points. I want to be extreme. Let's say this is a really bad situation. What also happens when volatility starts to spike? Put skew picks up. What does that mean? Not all options have a parallel shift in terms of prices. In other words, that green line to the red line, as you can see, and there's a parallel shift. But what happens in these situations is puts go bid. So, what does that mean? Put skew increases significantly. So, what I just did there was I say take all the put prices and jack them up even more. Okay? Because I want to show the most extreme situation here. Okay? Now when **[18:14]** extreme situation here. Okay? Now when you look at this, the yellow line is the market current P&amp;L of that put. So what that shows you is that as we're sitting here and the market starts to go down, right? S&amp;P starts to go down. If you don't shift V, that put that you own starts to make money under 6,800, right? You can see that where the PO, the market PO, that that gold, I know it's a little tough to see that starts to make money for you if you don't shift V at all. VIX stays at 20, for example. But when VIX goes bananas and V jumps as much as we just put in the calculator, you can see how much more P&amp;L you make here. Right? So at 6,800, let's go to 6,600. Suddenly, as we adjust V as adjust implied V for this incredible move, the P&amp;L of that option is $22,000. Whereas if you didn't move V, you're only up about 8 grand. So why does that matter so much in these situations? because it's volatility that is the driver of your gains here, not so much the delta, right, or the change in the market. And so that matters because when you own these puts and you want to roll them, you want to look more in my view at when the convexity or that volatility is going to change as opposed to some level in the market, 6,800, 6,700. No, you want to try to capture that energy. What I mean by capturing the energy is generally when the market's open, if you've been trading for a long time, market crashes in the morning, right? VIX spikes early on, all people are adjusting, there's chaos, liquidity is not that great, and V will jump a bunch, right? And in the heat of that energy when the market is really moving is oftentimes the best time if liquidity is okay, it's tricky, right? Because in really bad markets, you could have extremely wide bids and offers. But during those most volatile moments, you can fill your hedges at a much more advantageous price than maybe around noon when things calm down, markets settle in a little bit. Even if the stock S&amp;P doesn't bounce much, if the VIX as a as a barometer, a proxy for volatility, if the VIX goes from like 50 **[20:14]** volatility, if the VIX goes from like 50 to 30 and the S&amp;P stays at say 60 6600 the whole day, well, your option values are going to change so much. And on that point here, you can see when V really spikes, this option, which is the 6675 option, is going to be worth way more when that V is extremely elevated versus that yellow mark. It's a little tough to see here where if Vault doesn't change that that option doesn't pay off anywhere near as well, right? So, why does that matter for today and what we're looking at here? It matters for today because you need to be watching volatility and that is the best way to determine your hedges. Outside deep out of the money options now can pay off a lot more when ball really spikes, you know. So, if you own uh 10 delta options right now, really far out of the money, those could pay off in these brief blips in these b in these brief moments. And so I think that you need to actively trade watching volatility trade watching volatility as opposed to again the delta. Now this skew in this side John Magcguire I really jacked it up as you can see here uh on this particular option. Now what do you do in this situation where the market is already sort of crashing or reacting to an event and you're like man I'm nervous about this. I think Iran's going to escalate. they could do da I have no idea. But let's say you're you're nervous about that and you want to hedge. You you do not want to buy puts in my view. This is all just my opinion. You do not want to buy puts in this situation when you have extreme volatility or high volatility because if the S&amp;P doesn't bounce but that ball comes in a little bit, your put is going to get smoked. And so how do you start to offset that or or adjust that? Right? You have to go put spreads or put flies. And the reason that you do that is because in those situations, what you're trying to do is you're trying to offset your Vega cost essentially your Vega exposure. And so you can get an idea of that when you look at something like this calculator where your your position Vega may be here. And if we look at 6600, what you can see is your Vega is seven right there. That's very high, right? So, if we just toss up a put fly, uh, and you can shift those strikes way down, what you will see, and I'm I'm **[22:15]** down, what you will see, and I'm I'm just doing this on the, you know, quickly, but what you will see is that Vega profile changes a lot. Why does it change a lot? Because you're long one option, short two options, and then long a third way out of the money. And so, the vega of that position is going to change a lot in this situation. But you have to do this in my view because you need some type of short options position to offset the uh the the volatility of or the volatility cost, excuse me, of your overall position. So I don't have time uh live on the on the fly here to set up these flies, but that's the situation that you need to look at uh in these moments where put broken wing butterflies. One by twos are scary because if you get a full market crash, the one by twos obviously open you up to some risk. But put flies, one by twos, etc. uh I think can really make sense is the only really great hedge in these moments. VIX call one by twos are a little bit trickier too because that VIX moves around so much. And on that point, it's generally unlikely that the market is going to pin a specific strike. So, you're looking at a put fly like in in this market where things are so active. You don't want to hold this to expiration and say, "Hey, I need to hold this thing because we're going to pin 6,500 at expiration." It doesn't really work work like that. What you're looking for is an active hedge. And so, even if you have a put fly on, I think you put a order out there or something like that where you're looking for the P&amp;L of the hedge to pay off a certain amount before you arguably close it. And obviously there's a lot of path dependency to how a put spread or something like that would pay off. But if you go to spot gamma, we have a whole bunch of resources here that help you figure out how to structure a put flies in this type of a market. And I'm going to be live tomorrow with Matt Cashman at 1 p.m. for our subscribers. I may even open that one up to everybody where we can cover some more of these topics in depth as well. Uh Matt Kman is one of the lead educators at the OC and uh a great uh individual in the trading markets just all around. Uh John G uh Ging saying, "Can you comment please in the high ball situation about the **[24:16]** the high ball situation about the width?" The width is going to determine number one, how much do you want to pay for it? And number two, what type of exposure do you want to cover, right? And the reason that that matters because you can see here the payoff for this particular structure. And I shortened the time here, right? So I'm going to shorten this to just if if you hold it to closing, you can see how your pen concentrates, right? But 331, it's highly unlikely there's going to be anything going on, right? Let's hope. So, what you're trying to do is you're trying to find a cheapish hedge for something that carries you over this week. Right now, you may want to shorten up and say, I can do a deep out of the money position or a deep put fly, right, for Friday because all I'm doing is trying to cover my butt in case the market does drop 5%. But what is interesting about this here and to the point is point is you can see what happens. These are equidistant strikes here at the moment. So, let's just go nice round numbers to make this easier to understand. So, we're going to go to 6600, uh, 6450, uh, 6450, and then 6,400, right? So, I just said equidistance and I didn't do them. All right. So, these are 100. This is $100 wide. And so, when you start to shift implied V, it will adjust this structure. But the issue here and you can see it in the strike that this top option has a five vega then you these have four and two. So if you add this up this structure is much more vega neutral. So you can see that red vega number there in the middle right and the decay of it is a little bit better but the the hedging impact to your portfolio is nowhere near as good. But if you choose not to do this remember the vega of that single put was a seven, right? And so as soon as V comes in, that put, that single put just gets absolutely wrecked. And so in this situation, what you're really trying to do in my view is I want to own this put, right? The 6600 put, but I'm trying to make that as **[26:16]** put, but I'm trying to make that as cheap as possible in a very high volume environment. So the your options then are are to say, okay, I'm going to drag this wing way down, make it a broken wing situation, wing situation, and then how can I offset some of my P&amp;L here? So the farther we drag this down, the more P&amp;L I'm going to get as we approach 6600, approach 6600, but then my cost is going to go up. And if I really drag this deep out of the money hedge, which is really what you just essentially are using this for margin, right, or to cover the the zero scenario, scenario, um then [clears throat] you can see how that affects your P&amp;L as well. So, the answer to your question there is the width is determined by what you're willing to spend and how much you want to hedge ultimately. And if you go to like Friday's options, you could probably buy a 6,500, the first option for like, I don't know, two bucks and then sell two farther down. And the odds of the market going down to 6,500 are very, very small. But all if all you're trying to do is cover yourself, okay, no problem. If I just don't want the 5% down scenario. If you're trying to hedge an end of day scenario, then you go out to something like March, you want to try to widen these out so that if you start to see the market crash, this 6600 put is generating some positive P&amp;L for you. And that positive P&amp;L is paying for the loss of the two that you're short. And I hope that makes sense. The closer you go here, the worse your P&amp;L gets as you see. So when you drag this out and you drag them both out and you widen that out, you're getting better hedge coverage, but it's costing you more money. So, you want to balance that out. And again, you want to think about that Vega portfolio, that Vega position. And if you like this calculator, you find it interesting, if you go to spotgame.com right now and sign up for the essentials, uh, our new membership uh, form, you can get that or Alpha. Alpha gives you the whole enchilada over here of all of our tools. And again, we'll be covering some of this tomorrow in the in the Q&amp;A. So, let's move to what people are really kind of interested about. And this works the same way. If you're trading calls in gold and oil, you want to think about these scenarios as well, **[28:17]** to think about these scenarios as well, right? If you're fortunate enough to be long a call, for example, or long a put, and you're like, "Hey, I like this hedge, but I don't want to take it off yet, or I like being long gold, you can turn it into a fly by selling two and buying another one at other strikes." And that helps you to pay off or or capture some of those gains. V spiking, great. I'm going to reap some of that benefit. I am going to take some off the table, but I'm I'm monetizing that really elevated volatility. So, um, so that's really what the value of that is, uh, here. And um and I hope that this sort of identified why this is so important. And again, think about this for a second about this is what you make, but if you buy or sell this structure, you sell that put, right? You bought the put, the 6500 put we started with, and that's a dealer that sold you that thing. So, if the market is just going down at a very calm pace, they can hedge that pretty easily. But when that V spikes, all of a sudden, you can't hedge convexity with futures. You have to own other options. You own tail risk, right? You own deep out of the money puts that no one else would ever buy. But you got to own that stuff that's really far out of the money because if you don't own that stuff and VIX goes to 80, you're going out of business. So, your risk managers won't even let you position like that. You always have to be sort of net long of options and they're just really far out of the money. and they once every 10 years maybe those things kick in right why because this convexity is what is the killer for you uh if you are selling people puts and then and then also that vault spikes um vault spikes um futures kind of digesting this thing Trump insiders place million bets uh I I don't know you know the prediction market thing is crazy because everyone's just insider trading that thing and everyone's like complaining about it being an insider trading kind of hell hole and then there's just these like clawed algos or whatever that people are building. It's like just just don't trade in that market. That's it's pretty dang easy. Stay out of there. So, let's talk about the actual overall market positioning. Uh we have a couple **[30:19]** market positioning. Uh we have a couple ways to do that here. [clears throat] Trace is going to be the most upto-date that we have. This updates is update at excuse me, this is last updated at 4:15 market close on Friday. And the reason I'm starting with this is because uh you're going to notice a couple of interesting things here. I'll turn off hero. And for those of you who have ever seen a seen a GEX chart, GEX chart, you likely have not seen one like this before. And the reason is because what this is doing is it's what we have been tracking the S&amp;P 500 positions for I think two years now. And what we're doing is we're assessing every single option that's bought and sold. We [clears throat] track and we have a synthetic position, a synthetic options market maker position. And that's essentially what you're seeing here. And so pockets of red in here are negative gamma positions. pockets of blue are positive gamma positions. This model will update uh for us here in a couple of hours overnight. But the area that we're most concerned with in the market have been is under 6,800. And why is 6,800 so important? It's because we have been seeing people systematically selling calls every time we get up to this 6900 level. What does that mean? S&amp;P goes up, people dump calls. Not only zero DTE, some longerdated stuff. Then there's also the systematic overriders that have been supplying positive gamma, right? I sell a call to a market maker, they buy it, they're long options. That's positive gamma for them. And so at 4:00 here, this is when the zero DTS roll off. So the accurate sort of position of what we're looking at right now is this area right to the right of 4:00. And you can see that positive gamma right here. What does that mean? Market rallies, resistance. And the resistance resistance just shoves the market back down to 6,800. We've been playing that ping-pong under 6,800 is predominantly red. What does that mean? Red is negative gamma. That is the area where you would see the market start to slide and you would think that market makers would start to sell futures and that's where things can get really saucy. And so if you're consider if you're thinking about where doers really start to agitate this thing to the downside, it's that 6,800 level. **[32:21]** to the downside, it's that 6,800 level. If you look at our founders notes, uh we've had our risk pivot at 6,900. What is the risk pivot? Our risk pivot is a number I put in every day. I assess where I think the market is stable versus unstable. And in full sort of transparency, it's not really been that stable above 6,900, but we were at 68. We raised it to 69. And under 69 is very unstable. Below 6,800, I think you really want to be having some of those hedges in place. And I hear you on uh we got blood moon eclipse. Got all sorts of stuff going on over here. here. Uh and so that downside dealer convexity is uh kicks in. And I think in earnest under 6,800. One of the ways we can look at this is more of a traditional GEX chart. And so if I show you that here, uh what you will see is here are your curves. Right [clears throat] now this chart on its face shows under 6,900. We have negative gamma which is the line the purple line goes all the way down here and it peaks or the maximum or most negative gamma gets is at 6450ish. Right? So in a full wash out, you would look at that area as the area where the dealer hedging flows arguably wouldn't push this thing down anymore. Now if you go and adjust this a little bit and say forecast, what this looks like if we remove the zerodt options, what you see is that the gamma kind of across the curve is much more negative and it seems to trough a little bit more in this 6600 area. Right? So what does all this mean? What's your takeaway from this? The market is already writ large in a negative gaming environment in the S&amp;P 500. And if you get into 6,600s, we may be done from the dealer hedging perspective, assuming we don't get a lot more people pushing into buying put options. That adds more negativity to the downside. Now, the other thing that's critical to note on this is that if V spikes, if we see VIX 2530, then negative gamma is going to be exacerbated or those hedging flows, those negative hedging flows are going to be exacerbated by that volatility. for all the reasons about that we started with the calculator. I tried to break down an individual position for you all so you can see the difference in **[34:22]** you all so you can see the difference in the P&amp;L. Well, ultimately you can look at it through Delta or Vega or whatever else. If an option is getting more expensive, someone's got to try to hedge that out, right? And that's really the point uh of uh of looking at that uh Mercury and retrograde. Yeah. And I think 6450 unless you see just I mean something really nasty starting to go on uh that's kind of unlikely. I think the 6,600s, which is the level we've sort of been eyeing for a little bit, uh, if things finally do break and 6800 is where I would think about that. Uh, but that's where you would think about things breaking down a little bit more. And on this point, if you go to spotgam.com, we have a couple of interesting things for everybody uh, that you could check out. A lot of you are familiar with a gamma curve that looks a little more basic. So, you go into free trading tools here, you can see our updated net gamma chart. So if you look at the tra traditional gamma curve chart, many of you are familiar seeing this. This is a curve that we launched in 2020. Uh you can come in here and just get that latest exposure chart and it does an okay job of telling you writ large where big negative and big positive gamma is, right? And and it's still reasonably accurate. Um I always talk about the weather, right? If you know it's spring, it's probably decent outside. And that's kind of what this tells you. Like is it spring or is it winter, right? Which side of the equation you on? Is the wind kicking? Is it raining today? You know, is it overcast? Is it not? You want those details. That's where you got to really get into uh the spot gamma stuff here where we're updating this position for you uh every night. [clears throat] So, you break these levels, 6800 is the situation. Now, if you want to play the upside, right, the thing that you also want to be worried about is the volatility coming in um as you buy calls. So in this situation here, if you were to buy calls because you're looking for the bounce, you would think to yourself, okay, where is the resistance? It's back up here at 6,900 and assuming the VIX opens at some type of elevated position and balls a little bit spiked here uh tomorrow morning. If you buy a single call, you're likely to get the market to **[36:22]** you're likely to get the market to bounce from 6,800 up into the 6,900 area, right? But that's probably where the fuel is going to start to burn off and then that VA is going to come in. So, in my view, if you want to get in and bet on a call spike, I would look at the uh call spreads or even call flies, short dated call flies like 6,800, uh 6875, you know, something uh in that general area. Um so, those are the two situations. Last but not least, I wanted to talk about an interesting uh study we just did. If you Google spot gamma VIX and you do that on Google, you get the entire report. Um there's a lot of indicators out there and people are always saying well what does it mean you know when the VIVIX spikes or the put call ratio spikes or whatever it is and so I wanted to find out and just do a a study to complete all studies and say okay if we wake up tomorrow and V is spiking and people are piling into say VIX options or VIX calls right then the VIX spikes this is the volvall index and what I found was really pretty interesting about this and it's something to put in the back of your mind in case we really do see a major ramp up these are the forward returns for the Vivix against the spiders. Okay, so this is fiveday forward return of spiders, 10day forward return of the spiders and 20. And what you see across all three of these categories is positive numbers. positive numbers. So positive 5 days, 10 days, 20 days out. Now the distribution, these histograms show there are can be some ugly returns in here. As we all know, nothing is guaranteed in trading. But when you get Vivix over 125 in particular, and there's scatter plots that back this up, but when you get over 125, 125, that starts to be this signal that the market is oversold and we're due for a bounce. And that bounce tends to be pretty stable over the next 5 to 20 days, right? Why is that? I believe it's because everything we started with here talking about when Vall is extremely rich, right? Smart hedge fund traders know this. Smart retail traders know this. When ball spikes, what do you do? You got to sell your puts because you want to sell into the maximum energy. **[38:23]** want to sell into the maximum energy. What is the maximum energy? Fix at 30, 40, 50, whatever it may be. You want to keep your hedges. You roll them down and out, right? You monetize them. You adjust your position. And as a trader, as as buyside traders or retail traders, when we adjust our positions and we monetize our puts, that's reducing that dealer pressure a little bit, right? You're taking expensive puts, very convex puts. You're selling them for something farther out of the money. They got a little spice to them. That alleviates a little bit of the pressure, right? The second one relates to the other comment I had about dealers generally owning a whole bunch of really teeny puts. When you have those teeny puts and those start to lift in value, that starts to add money to your portfolio, add protection to your portfolio, then maybe you can offer liquidity that's a little bit better. You want to monetize some of your own puts, etc. So, uh, a lot of things to watch there. I think this is a really, as far as trading signals go, you know, again, there's no guarantees in trading. You can see there's some horrible left tails in here, right in some of these returns. But 73% positive uh is is a pretty good initial indicator. And to me, it's just a great sign of okay, highle funnel, high level thinking. We're we're quite possibly washed out when VIX is over 125. Now, let me drill into the the specifics. How are dealers positioned? What is gamma look like? When's the VA likely to come in? Is there event that may trigger a a collapse or a contraction in volatility? Those are the types of things uh that you want to think about. So uh that to me is a very interesting thing to pay attention to and a very interesting thing to watch. thing to watch. Said a lot today and we're going to wrap this thing up now about 6:45 as the market's uh you know not too bad honestly. Uh futures are down about a percent. Um, usually or if I had to guess at what happens here, I would anticipate that as Asia and Europe opens and get their sort of feet wet and and get positioned, I would think that we do have a chance that the worst may be over. But this is one of those situations where that zero DT flow comes **[40:23]** situations where that zero DT flow comes in. And the zero DT flow can be very useful here because if you own, let's say, March puts and you're a big fund and you can't sell those. You want to lock in some of those gains where you're worried about a market bounce or a reaction. Zero DT calls or shortdated calls uh can often be that tool, right, to hedge some of those puts, right? Uh lock in some of those deltas. And if the market bounces, you're making money on those zero DT options, that pays off for some of those expensive puts that you have, right? Uh so I've seen that time and again where you get that zerodt bid when the market opens. And that to me, that's something to watch for. And there's no reason, I'm not saying it happens for sure, but there's no reason that this thing doesn't just rally right back to 6875 back to 6875 based on that positioning that we're looking at. And so, you want to be really cognizant uh of that idea. So, S&amp;P set to open somewhere down here. And the other thing about that 60 uh 6,900 bounce is I said it before, how many times have we bounced there now, right? I mean, this is Christmas. So, we broke in here around Thanksgiving. We had one brief pre- opex move and then we've just literally been bouncing off this 6800 level kind of time and time and time again. So, let's hope that there's no more escalation. If there is no escalation, then uh then hopefully we have a decent chance at a little bit of recovery here and a move back in. Uh quick plug for Flow Patrol. If you're not familiar with Flow Patrol is, we're going to be showing you what the biggest position changes is in the buy side. So, that's retail, hedge funds, etc. We send out the support every single day to our subscribers. You get it for free for 5 days. Go to spotgam.com/flow patrol. Do it now. Uh, put your name in, get Flow Patrol free for one week. For subscribers or people in Flow Patrol, we're also going to try to send out if you subscribe today. We'll give a link to tomorrow's founders note as well, so you can see the latest on what I'm seeing in the market. I wrote the founders note every single morning uh for our subscribers. You can see that here. So, I will be publishing that around 7:00 7:30 tomorrow morning with what I'm seeing. And if you're curious about what flow control looks like, go into reports, [clears throat] you can see that here. And again, people talk **[42:24]** see that here. And again, people talk about big trades on on the daily bas. Oh, someone block trade here, block trade there. Most flow is not done by buy side uh in in size, right? A lot of trades are day trades. People get in, they get out same day, market makers or southern market makers, etc. So, this report shows you the big chunky stuff that real money is doing, right? if I have conviction in a name, if I need to hedge, I'm not buying zero DT puts. I'm buying March puts. I'm buying January of next year. Those types of things. And so, this report does a really great job of highlighting that for you. So, again, go to spotgame.com/flow spotgame.com/flow patrol. We'll send this to you uh automated automated uh every day for the next week, which I think is quite valuable. All right. All right. Well, I'm going to wrap it up here on the somewhat sleepy reaction I will say uh to the uh Iran situation. I think that kind of makes sense. So far, no escalation. Can they escalate? Not even entirely sure. But just off the reaction of these conflicts over the last year now, right, they tend to be pretty muted. So, uh let's hope that that is the case again here and we don't see some sort of nasty spillover. And I hope I've sort of armed you with a couple of good ideas and things to watch out for if things do get worse over the next couple of days. And yes, Mr. Omelet, uh, 6,800. We will watch that. Um, I did click the ads. We got rid of those. Sorry, everybody. Uh, my mistake. Uh, you're all welcome. Again, hope this is helpful. Any feedback, infospamin.com. Please try out Flow Patrol. And tomorrow we'll be on 1 p.m. with Mr. Matt Cashman and uh, covering all the markets. I think that might be a public one. Subscribers get it for sure. And we always are very appreciative of the black am subscribers over here. So, if you are one, thank you. Uh, and we'll be talking to you tomorrow morning. All right. Take care.
