---
title: "Stocks Roll Over as Bears Gain Edge in Battle for SPX 6800"
channel: "SpotGamma"
channel_slug: spotgamma
video_id: qcYUKTfcVpk
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcYUKTfcVpk
upload_date: 2026-03-06
duration: "1:07:36"
description: "Brent Kochuba (SpotGamma), Marc Lopresti (Market Rebellion), Joel Hawthorne (options trader) and Scott Bauer (Prosper Trading Academy), analyze options flows and manage positions into the close with Oliver Renick LIVE from Cboe in Chicago: Future of Finance."
view_count: 800
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-07
---

# Stocks Roll Over as Bears Gain Edge in Battle for SPX 6800

**Channel:** SpotGamma
**Date:** 2026-03-06
**Duration:** 1:07:36
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcYUKTfcVpk

---

## Transcript

**[8:24]** Let's test my mic here with two minutes. Got a We're working on our audio SOP here. Too many errors on self errors on my part. Anchor error. Two-minute drill here. Two-minute drill. Thanks for tuning in. tuning in. &gt;&gt; Hello, everyone. Hello. Hello. Hello. You're live. You're live. &gt;&gt; All right, Brent. 205 p.m. &gt;&gt; 54. &gt;&gt; 54. &gt;&gt; Mark 2:20 p.m. &gt;&gt; Joel 2:35 p.m. Say 2:30 p.m. &gt;&gt; How's the good? &gt;&gt; Yeah, comfy, thanks. And And got into close. got into close. Okay. Okay. Market not quite going the way I wanted here. &gt;&gt; But that's okay. You win some, you lose some. You live to fight another day. &gt;&gt; One minute. All right, I'll be back. **[11:08]** Good afternoon. and welcome to Chicago Future of Finance. I'm Oliver Renick. It's 2 p.m. here. Things not going bull's way, aka not quite going my way. I've had the green on my risk radar, but we're taking a little bit of a beating here. If we close below 6,800, then I think I'll have to change that light to yellow. But for now, I'm going to stay a little bit stubborn. A few reasons why. Number one is that I like crude oil as an enemy because I think it's a beatable enemy. WTI is surging again today. We're at 82 bucks. The technical situation on that is turning very interesting very fast. Looking at the chart for crude. I actually have had a line here on my WTI chart for a while right around 81 uh spot 60. Uh interesting that that's where I had my line, but now we're touching it and we're trying to get out of this long-term downtrend of crude to then make higher highs in the chart. That is certainly a bit concerning because crude has been a pretty reliable fade. Perhaps that is not the case uh at this point. So uh WTI obviously giving us a problem. I do generally like WTI as a beatable boss, a beatable bare case, if you will. Uh now the only catch though is that we do see some volatility in other places too like the dollar and bonds that might complicate things a little bit. The other thing though is the data has been looking pretty good. Check out the 10-year yield right now. We are seeing some upside in yield. I talked yesterday about how you shouldn't really be afraid of uh bonds going lower in price, higher in yield. I think this is also a bare case that we can work through. Generally higher yields happen as the economy firms up and the data have been pretty good. Tomorrow of course is our employment report and maybe there is just some drama surrounding that overall. You could get a situation in which you know both outcomes for employment maybe lead to volatility. If we are in that situation **[13:08]** volatility. If we are in that situation where you're worried about inflation, you're worried about overheating. If tomorrow's number comes in hot, which it could, then perhaps that'll add to concerns. Maybe we're in a lose-lose again for employment. We're too weak and too hot. You'd rather have Goldilocks. I really don't buy that as a sustainable bare case. You would rather deal with strength in the economy and perhaps inflation rather than too little strength, aka weakness in the economy and deflation. The other thing that's important to realize here is that these numbers have been pretty good. Just to remind you that yesterday we saw ISM services hit 56.1. That is a bit of a scorcher. So it makes total sense for bonds to be selling off here. And they may be selling off for good reasons in addition to maybe bad reasons like oil. ADP employment was also pretty strong yesterday above the expectations. So again, I think these are beatable bare cases, which is why I'm holding the green line on stocks unless we break down further and close below 6,800. Unfortunately, it kind of looks like we are going to right now. the technical analysis on the S&amp;P if you're into that. Some are, some aren't. Stanley Ducken Miller said uh this week that technical analysis is only 20% good as it used to be. Sure. Okay, maybe that's true. 20% still means it's got some value though. And to see the level that's held 6,800 now start to break certainly means bears are gaining a technical edge. The other thing I would point out is that the relative strength in the bottom panel here that has been in the bearish divergence which is not a great situation. The target then if we break down would be where that bearish divergence began which is roughly at 6,500. So maybe we need to clear some stuff out get back down to roughly 66 rather sorry where that dotted red line is because in the short term you can see we found support at 6,800 on Tuesday. We found support there on Wednesday. So today we're just losing upside momentum. You're starting to roll over a little bit. Of course, which I don't like. That **[15:09]** bit. Of course, which I don't like. That being said, I've continued to maintain that generally if you find long risk assets to be your preference, you can short it with uh you can hedge it by being short Micro Strategy. Micro Strategy down 4 1/2%. All of this means that volatility right now is back towards the highs at 25. Let's talk options. Let's talk flows. Let's manage our risk into the close. Oh, did I just make a great little poem there? &gt;&gt; Brent Code Chuba, how you doing, sir? &gt;&gt; I'm doing great, man. You're like a '9s rapper. I like it. &gt;&gt; I made that up on the go. Not bad. It's &gt;&gt; good. &gt;&gt; good. &gt;&gt; Uh, all right. So, look, um, VIX right back to recent highs. It's just it's tricky, Brandt, because it seems like bears are gaining an edge, but then I look at some of these volatility dynamics, some of these price levels, and they're still familiar territory, which makes me want to not panic. But should I be? should I be? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, here's the argument we were making yesterday, Oliver, is that the war puts a VA premium into this market, right? There are known unknowns. We all know that there's a conflict in the Middle East, but we really don't know how it's going to go. It certainly doesn't seem like it's going in the best or right way. And I say that based on crude oil, crude oil now I think is at highs since this conflict started. Right? So if you use oil as the price of truth in terms of Middle East tensions and that's getting worse and equity va therefore should maintain a healthy premium and in order for us to have a stable consistent rally in the S&amp;P 500, we need that V premium to collapse, right? We need that ball premium to come in and that is the stability that we need. And so yesterday's rally which felt really nice was just sort of a small rate of change in the volatility premium. But that vault premium isn't sticky until the conflict is over or at least largely behind us. And so what you see today is conflict seems to be escalating a little bit. crude oil spiking and then suddenly equities are just kind of like filling back down **[17:10]** just kind of like filling back down through that negative gamma territory in the 6800s. Now we're kind of on the south side of 6800 and that ball premium seems to be getting larger which tells you that Vega or convexity is becoming a more or a larger risk in this market and and so this is where things break Oliver and I think that's what the problem is. soft underbelly uh is the word that you've used. Um so it's the turtle market or something. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, the soft underbelly is quite simple. It's like when your hands are up guarding your face, which is 6,800, your belly is exposed, right? And under 6,800 that's the case. And there's no real support, I would argue, until 6600, which doesn't seem that far away, but that's a good 2 to 3%. And that could happen like that in an instant. And people aren't prepared for that. The other thing the argument we're mark making Oliver with you was that at 6700 there was a lot of puts to cover to the left on your chart there where you had that little arrow right at that little wick down right we hit 6700 I think that was on Monday or Tuesday we bounced right back up and was like this thing is invincible right there and then now my argument is that the puts that helped us to bounce there and we saw puts getting sold there that's truth right that was hedges being covered some shorts kind of coming out of the water uh out of the woodwork rather woodwork rather Now the hedging line on the sand is at 6600, not 6,700 anymore. So that level that offered support at 6,700. I don't think that's going to be anywhere near as strong if we revisit that level. And if there is a tick up in violence or Pakistan gets involved or whatever the next thing is, I have no idea. Um then suddenly go uh-oh. And that's where we that's where we slide, right? That's the soft underbelly uh that that we're sitting here with. And that to me is a risk to equity buyers here. We all want to buy the dip. We all want to be the hero, you know, buying at the exact dip and see this thing rip to 7,000 there. What what you're fighting about with right now is a lack of a bare case as opposed to a bullcase. A bullcase is, **[19:11]** opposed to a bullcase. A bullcase is, oh, stocks are a little bit cheaper than they were two weeks ago and and so I need to buy in now, right? Well, when you have geopolitical conflict, oil making new highs, making new highs, ball premium via the VIX is about 9 or 10 points right now. This is easily the spot where things break as much as they are where things kind of turn around and rally. And because we have this known unknown of the Iran situation, you really have to just worry more about covering your tail as opposed to trying to make money in this market. &gt;&gt; Brent, when you talk about the potential for convexity, that's really what it's all about when it comes to monitoring options flows and a core theme of the show. Obviously your uh data as so much of what happens behind me is the buying of insurance on a fixed basis by big institutional players. But the other part of that market of course is the folks who know insurance prices change quickly in the event of a storm. So far they haven't changed quickly. They've actually been increasing steadily as we look at that VIX trend higher. So, the fact that we could see convexity begin at VIX 24 suggests it could be a nasty wash out. Um, to your point, maybe that is a quick trip down to that support at at um, you know, 6600. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Oliver, and and there's a couple of dynamics to to think about here. If you look at just the IV rank of the spiders, right, put skew is at a 100 percentile. What does that mean? 25 delta puts slightly on puts are as expensive on a relative basis as they've been over the last year. That includes the April tantrum from last year, right? Overall implied volatility though. So you think about the skew is very steep on the put side, but the overall level of implied vault ranks it as 70 right now, which is basically what VIX 24 is. Anyone looks at VIX 24 goes, "Oh, okay. It's awake. It's it's alert." But it's not like, "Holy cow, what just happened?" Right? So this is the this is the thing. And and people kind of laugh when I say this though. things things **[21:11]** when I say this though. things things VIX goes from 20 to 30 or 20 to 50 right we don't go from VIX 10 to VIX 50 like you have to stage first you get at the ready in the volatility terms and then things move very quickly right it's not that we just sort of tend to jump from 10 to 40 directly we kind of warm up and that's where that's why I say like this is the point where things kind of break because the VA things are tense out there right and and the volatility has this moment where it could really break out. The interesting thing is that the intraday volatility has been pretty high, right? We've had intraday 1% swings, but we get this mean reversion every day that sort of saves us and that was put selling and often times it's zero DTE and things like that. The data shows that when V spikes, zero DT goes away and zero DT is the stability mechanism and when we know that these unknown events start to pick up that zerod starts to reside a little bit. Why? I don't want to sell a zero DTE put if I think the market's about to drop 2% cuz a bomb starts to fly, right? I got to back off of that a little. And so the stability or the things that bring stability to this market are starting to recede. And I am not a geopolitical analyst, but I look at two things that are concerning here, Oliver. Number one is oil new highs. So fine, there's other dynamics straight of Hermoose or whatever you want to talk about, but new highs is not the right direction if you're if you're looking for a signal. And you look at stuff like airlines, you know, that conflict now starting to move into various sectors of the equity market is starting to pick up, right? Delta Airlines today getting killed. We're seeing a lot of negative deltas there, for example. Uh most negative deltas in that name in the last 30 days. Airbnb starting to get kind of negative. these travel names, right, are starting to pick up on this cuz maybe it's not going to be this very quick conflict. Now, is that end times charts that you're bringing up there, Oliver? No, but you're starting to see more of the things that are backing off of risk as opposed to this is a Venezuela. Oh, you know what just happened? I don't even know. Keep buying stocks, right? So, &gt;&gt; oh, by the way, for every Middle East vacation destination we lose, we might **[23:13]** vacation destination we lose, we might be gaining one in the Caribbean if we go for Cuba. Chris Bretcher on the show has been beating that drum. And apparently Trump says we might be taking out Cuba. So Win Resorts is actually doing okay. Um Brent, speaking of known or unknown risks, I do kind of wonder if we're back in that catch22 spot for economic data tomorrow because the 10-year yield, and this is actually one thing I think I I can say I have gotten right, even though I've been too bullish on stocks the last week. I did expect yields to rise from here basically in all scenarios just because I feel like that's where we're at. The economy is strong underneath the data. Nobody's been talking about data. ISM services blew it out of the park with 56. ADP employment was strong. If that trend continues, we should expect tomorrow's number to be hot. And I wonder if what's going on with crude people could spin that actually into a short-term bare case and say, "Ah, bonds are too risky, stocks are too risky." &gt;&gt; Yes. And in this scenario that you're kind of highlighting there, Oliver, you know, you would think that a geopolitical conflict could put a bid into bonds, meaning people sell stock, buy bonds, right? Go to cash, whatever it may be, roll out of out of equities, and that would drop correlation, and that starts to cause these spasms that we talk about often times here on the equity space. And we've not really had a material move like that in in quite a while, right? where it's like I got to get rid of equities because of some of the stuff that's happening. Now, the economic data to your point looks pretty good, but do you care about the economic data if one the geopolitical conflict raises more short-term risk and higher oil remains uh a real possible uh uh dynamic that could spoil whatever kind of positive economic news is coming, right? So, you know, that is a that is certainly a thing that people are trying to adjust to real time. Now ultimately you start to look at March OPEX here right in about two weeks. &gt;&gt; I actually just pulled up your term structure here on on spot gamma Brent. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and that's not you know super elevated that term structure in all honesty. I mean you can see that cone **[25:13]** honesty. I mean you can see that cone right is the last 90 days. So yeah at the money implied ball at 19 to 20% is pretty elevated. One month realized ball is about 13. So that spread is pretty wide. What that's telling you is the market is hedging something. The problem is is in my view you can't get rid of those hedges until we know what's going on with the Iran situation. So your point about the economy is a good one but the war in that in that situation in the short term you know is a bigger deal now as we know with the Ukraine situation as long as the thing doesn't really escalate and arguably the US wasn't as involved there. So, you know, people people get bored with this stuff quite frankly. And so, this could be a longer drawn out thing, but it doesn't necessarily pose a risk to the equity market, right? But again, that's not a thing that we're going to decide tomorrow, arguably, or even early next week. And so, you know, we're going to keep this V premium in. Now, if the economic data is good and then suddenly the Iran situation takes a backseat and people stop caring, then suddenly you can smack that V premium down with this good economic news and then maybe finally that's what we needed to take out 7,000. So, you know, in the in the short term, this thing is very chippy, but you can turn that into longer term bullish fuel. Um, you know, particularly, I think, as you move out of March OPEX. of March OPEX. &gt;&gt; That's a really good point, Brent. Um, and I do think that generally in the, you know, short term, the geopolitical stuff is freaking people out. um maybe the short-term hot employment could add to that, but it also functions at the same time as I think generally a longer term positive catalyst. The simplest thing, the AAMS razor for stocks, why they go up is the economy stays strong, earnings go up, consumer spending stays strong. So, I wonder if maybe we're starting to get to the idea of how to place a trade here. Maybe there's a way to do some kind of I don't know, maybe there's a calendar spread in here somewhere. uh you know um tell me what you kind of think makes sense in this environment. environment. &gt;&gt; I think if you want to play upside you have to go call flies uh possibly counter spreads. The problem with counter spreads is I don't want to be **[27:13]** counter spreads is I don't want to be short near-term options in the event that we get a some sort of a peace deal, Russia, some kind of curveball, right? That's super bullish and then that ball comes off and we could easily rally 1 to 2%, you know, in in no time at all, right? And so I like the idea of call flies in this environment where you can play some short dirt short-term uh rallies in the market. You buy one near near the money, sell two out of the money. That way as the market rallies and ball comes in that offsets some of that some of that cost right I wouldn't touch short puts here with a 10-ft pole uh because of the potential of just you know losing everything right uh in an event where god forbid things get a whole lot worse here. So I think call flies or call spreads even longer date in this situation make a make a lot of sense. If stock market rallies and vault comes in say you know uh you own 3mon out uh structures like that I think they can pay really well in this environment and give you that upside. Uh and and for right now on the downside if you get into 6600 and VIX goes over 30 then you make the argument that hey volatility premium is high enough that I'll stick my neck out a little bit maybe and start to play that volatility uh aspect a little bit. But but right now it just seems that the the chance that things could get worse before they get better is a real one. Real enough that to have people kind of sit on their hands with that type of trade. &gt;&gt; If today I mean we're fighting for 68 right now. We are. I wonder if today we close above 68 if it's worth taking a super tight stop on a spread and sell maybe around that 60 680 for SPY. &gt;&gt; It it that trade has worked beautifully, right? the the short-term mean reversion zero DTS are great for that kind of thing, Oliver. And so you could 100% be right. We rally up to 6875 tomorrow, but if that ran situation is not solved, we could easily go back down to 67 as you've seen here over the last week, right? Up and down. And so, you know, I think that what you don't want to do is see the rally to 6875ish and then assume that that is the start of a new trend higher. I just don't **[29:14]** of a new trend higher. I just don't think it can happen until we get that full volatility release from a cooling of this geopolitical risk. &gt;&gt; Brent, um, one other uh, type of dynamic um, that is possible but I think very low probability right now that we'd like to talk about is the idea of stocks up. I feel like when you're at VIX 24, that scenario is diminishing to basically like very very very low, right? I think we could basically eliminate that &gt;&gt; largely as a category of trades that probably don't make sense here, right? If we ramp at this point, I mean, VIX is gonna come in pretty hard &gt;&gt; 100%. You have, you know, 8 to 10 points of volatility premium in this market. And people love to slam that vault, right? The minute that they have the opportunity, they're going to do that. Volatility as an asset class is a huge thing, particularly on the short vault side. And, you know, that should push stocks up, you know, very, very quickly. So I think once there's clarity in this and I would love to see a V spike line up with March OPEX cuz then you know a lot of positions are going to get clean. So in a perfect world it would be a really fat pitch if we could have stocks kind of make a low you know that's a little bit far out right now March opex. Uh but something like that where you know that that a lot of puts will get cleared out or VIX calls will get cleared out um and then and then we could have a pretty violent rally right but stock up right now is just that that's the not the situation. stocks up wall gets materially beaten down uh I think is a really viable path again just you want that geopolitical risk to subside a little bit particularly into a weekend right um over a weekend in particular people aren't necessarily going to be wanting to take that risk so I don't think it's in the cards for even tomorrow unless there's a real handshake or something you know maybe next week we start to sort of have some uh atrophy in terms of these risk or people sort of start to look at something else uh but you know we'll we'll see how that goes Makes sense. Great stuff. Like the trade ideas. Like the idea of the callfly. Like the idea also of maybe taking one more stab to try and sell some some **[31:15]** more stab to try and sell some some spreads to the downside on on 68, which is kind of more in my ballpark, but I've been too bullish. You've been much more right about the soft underbelly for this market. But you've also talked about those zero DTE that have held us in. And we're we're doing it right now. I mean, we're 6810. Who knows? We got 40 minutes left. Anything's possible. Thank you very much, Brent. Enjoy your vacation next week. next week. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; See you buddy. Bring coacha spot gamma. All right, we got two-minute innovator buffer break. Then we're coming back. Mark Le Prey is on deck. We're going to continue the conversation about WTI as well as the economics because is probably the most understated story in the market right now, which is that the US economy is beating every expectation. Back in a moment. **[33:28]** With increased volatility, investors are bracing for large market movements. moves both up and down. Will the market rebound 30%. Or will we see a 30% drop? At the end of the day, uncertainty remains a constant. Innovators floor ETFs are designed for volatile markets. They aim to position portfolios for market moves regardless of direction or magnitude. They are intended as a core equity solution, providing exposure to US equities with built-in downside protection, seeking to deliver more than 70% of the upside and targeting a max loss of 8 to 12% annually. With specified levels of sought-after protection and upside participation, we believe the floor ETFs offer an evergreen strategy designed to allow investors to remain invested regardless of the market's direction. All right, welcome back to Chicago Future Finance. I'm Oliver Renick. We are fighting for 6800 right now as uh the market is firming up a tad since we started the show, but still got a long ways to go as we are down substantially on the day. S&amp;P 500 right now down about a percent and a half as 6819 though could be uh no we're only down 80 80 bips sorry so we made some progress here got Michael Prey joining me on the line CEO Mark Rebellion Mark um I've been the rebel here the last week um being stubbornly bullish am I going to get my clock cleaned cuz my whole point has been 6800's a line of sand and we're trying to hold on to it right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, I think you nailed it and I've been stubbornly bullish since the beginning of the week as well. I started **[35:29]** beginning of the week as well. I started the week this morning over at your old network on the floor of the New York before the open and I think I did a pretty good job. pretty good job. &gt;&gt; Gotti Morris, Bloomberg or Schwab over there. over there. &gt;&gt; Our friends over at Schwab. Um I still do it from time to time even though you're not there. It's not the same. &gt;&gt; It's all right. I I get I get you once you've warmed up. I like that. I prefer that. that. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Well, listen, I I basically said, look, I I do not think uh that the market is going to have a a prolonged uh bearish condition as a result of this conflict. I wasn't surprised to see Monday's selloff. It happened over the weekend. Markets always have an initial shock, a sell-off on this kind of news. But if you look at the charts, historically, Oliver, the S&amp;P has never lost a war, right? If the question is how long does it take to recover and when you're in the kind of environment that we are right now where there's so much good stuff to be uh excited about whether it's uh earnings growth uh or uh overall overall calming of labor markets that the good numbers that we've had in terms of the job numbers lately job numbers lately &gt;&gt; we've had great numbers for a second mark have you been as impressed as I have been by these figures figures &gt;&gt; I I have and particularly the private payroll rules number that we just got. I guess it was yesterday. The the days are blending into one long thing this week. But um look, I I think we're going to see this sustained volatility. I'm actually surprised that the V hasn't gotten higher. I mean, the VIX, I think, has topped this week while we're around a 28 handle. When you consider that we were well over 30 during things like Liberation Day and other things that are arguably not as dramatic as what we're having geopolitically. I mean, look, this isn't just about Iran. This isn't just about the Middle East. I referred to this as a TKO for the trade war against China. China **[37:30]** for the trade war against China. China cannot invade Taiwan now because of having no access to Iranian and Venezuelan oil. We're going to see a significant drop in China's GDP and overall output. This is the biggest win in the trade war that Trump could have delivered taking Iran's oil offline for their supply chain. And the other thing that's a pretty dramatic, and I think you were covering this with your previous guest, Oliver, previous guest, Oliver, &gt;&gt; we did not see China and Russia rushing to Iran's side in this conflict. They have largely, if not entirely quiet. &gt;&gt; There's no word, right? &gt;&gt; They've stayed out of it. I think we could be looking when the dust settles on this. I think we're going to be looking at a very different and very positive both politically, positive both politically, geopolitically, and economically a very positive result for the United States. This is this is pretty serious stuff that's going on to the positive when it's when it's done. So, look, we're going to see these spikes involved. I see 6,800 as that support resistance level as well. Where we close today is going to be really really important. But unless there's some other strike of some kind, right? I mean, the selloff today was really catalyzed by this news about Iran hit an oil tanker under a British flag while it was at anchor. Well, when you dig into the news there, I I think all it did was interrupt their afternoon tea and spill some crumpets. I don't think there was any major damage to that oil tanker. So, we got to be prepared to this for this V. Most of the smart money traders I know are making bank this week because it's presented so many great trading opportunities and uh we're having we're having fun. We're we're making money as well. There's no doubt. Um Mark, I pulled up uh Koshi right now just trying to get something on the China, Russia, you know, anything. And **[39:32]** China, Russia, you know, anything. And what they've got is a uh will the US issue a level four travel advisory? So if we just kind of view that as a proxy for China tension, the hot spot there, it moved up a little bit in the last week, but not much. You know, it's still below 50%. And to your point, no word from Russia. Apparently Saudis were on board with what we did. Um other I think Middle East um uh you know groups also you know um have some support. But even without trying to play like geopolitical strategists, the bottom line is that uh I agree with you in that the logic pretty simply Russia's already got a multi-year war going on in Ukraine that you know who who knows how long they've got resources for that. Um, China is trying to is very busy trying to keep up with our AI and not falling too far behind. They they've been losing their edge basically since co. Um, and I'm not saying it's cuz I'm like some, you know, I'm I'm I'm just out here supporting whatever the president does. Like I think Trump's been very off on pushing for rate cuts with PAL. Um, so I I'm trying to take both these things here and I see that one I think is very positive. The other one that I thought which is negative which is pushing for rate cuts. The market might solve that issue in my mind though Mark because if this data keep coming in good uh we might not get those rate cuts and I prefer that. But I I'm curious what you think on that. think on that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and look, I I think you're right about that. with these numbers continuing to come in the way they have as we just described seeing enhanced stability in the job market that it gives the Fed whether it's JPAL or WASH uh if we're talking about at the end of JPAL's term but the bigger issue when it comes to monetary policy the bigger reason why we may not see any rate cuts this year Oliver no matter who's in charge of the Fed is the situation in Iran war is inflationary war is very inflationary particularly when you're talking about this part of **[41:35]** when you're talking about this part of the world and the impact on the oil and gas supply chain. Now I think it's transitory transitory because I think when this the dust settles and I don't think this is going to be a prolonged dragged out war. I think we're talking weeks not months. I pray particularly for minimization of the loss of life on both sides of course but I think what we're going to wind up seeing at the end of the day is the United States oil complex being in a better position as a consequence of this change in that part of the world in Iran. You've seen particularly earlier this week a lot of those American oil company names being bit up as a result of that. But overall, this is an inflationary thing that this conflict is inflationary and will give even less reason for cuts this year. Maybe it makes you happy. It doesn't make me happy. You know, I'd like to see some cuts coming, but I think that's the reality of where we are right now. And our CME Fed watch tool certainly supports that. I supports that. I &gt;&gt; agree with you in that war driven inflation, commodity driven inflation is not the way we want to get to no cuts. I I think that the economy is strong enough. I mean, consumer numbers, the inflation, last couple inflation reads were kind of creeping a little bit there. And again though, I'm not that cons I the dialogue I hear um is still very much hyperbolic about the inflation situation. I think generally we've had we've done a pretty good job across administrations getting off that super high co inflation, but we also would like it to keep going lower. Obviously, we certainly would prefer to go lower. &gt;&gt; And and Albert, look, there are there are sectors that will do even better. Like when we talk about the homebuilders, we talk about the real estate uh uh sector, the real estate industry. Getting rates down, getting that fund, Fed funds rate down is going to be very good for that. And that's also important because that's one of the largest if not you know John always says the largest uh employer by sector in this country um is home building and **[43:35]** this country um is home building and construction. So you know I would love to see more people going to work. I'd love to see the employment picture improve even more. I'd love to see more homes getting built. We have both a affordability crisis and an availability crisis in this country when we're talking about homes and but that's not going to change unless we get rates coming down like that's just period end of story. There's no other catalyst besides besides &gt;&gt; I agree with I think that probably gets better served with rates lower. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um you know and and that is an issue by the way ITB today getting slammed because that 10ear yield moving up to your point. Uh there's definitely a few uh areas here which have been solid which are now um hurting a little bit. I I think about the banks which closed the year really strong last year. They're now down in 2026. I think maybe rates are contributing to that to possibly to some extent. We also saw um you know the Russell look really strong. Regional banks, a lot of those things that were pretty strong that might have some interest rate sensitivity are struggling a tad bit here, Mark. Yep, they they are. And look, as I said earlier, Oliver, a lot of smart traders, some of the market rebels, they're doing pretty well in this environment. I mean, the notion that we're selling off the defense names today, including the drone makers, is like if if that doesn't look like stuff on sale, I I don't know what is. Even if this conflict were to end by the, you know, by the end of the day tomorrow, we we used a lot of bullets. We used a lot of missiles. We used a lot of things that we have to &gt;&gt; We used a lot of technology. &gt;&gt; Used a lot of technology for Venezuela. &gt;&gt; Drones really into focus in terms not only of offensive but defensive capabilities that we and our neighbors need to have. I'm still redot on those sectors, man. Redot. sectors, man. Redot. &gt;&gt; It's a good looking chart. I'm looking at ITA as a general ETF example for the aerospace. The chart just put in highs three days ago. Hit today. to your point, we are um getting very surgical. **[45:38]** point, we are um getting very surgical. I mean, the idea that we can displace and remove some of the biggest bad guys on the list basically for decades plus without having to put troops on the I mean with some troops, but like nothing compared to Iraq or anything like that. I mean, Maduro was an overnight operation. It was like &gt;&gt; and and similarly Oliver similarly Oliver the AI and cyber security names I mean, particularly some of the smaller ones that kind of get the baby with the bath water when we're selling off the, you know, the midcap and the small cap names. Some of the best returns that we've had last year and even a good part of this year have been in some of the smaller quantum computing, those names that are focused on quantum cyber security and things of that nature. One of the biggest concerns that we had going into this Iran conflict and that still remains from the people in Washington that I talked to on the condition of anonymity of course um is the cyber security capabilities that Iran might have from an offensive perspective. So I think again when the dust settles we're going to see those names benefiting from some renewed interest both from the private sector as well as from the government. Uh I pulled up uh Kratos KTOS. I know RCAT was one a lot of people were watching. Any that you in particular are looking at and the ARCAT chart looks still pretty good too. I mean you just you definitely got to have a strong stomach to trade these. Volatility is not cheap, but the moves can be monsters. monsters. &gt;&gt; That was my number one pick. They asked me for one stock before the open on your prior network on Monday morning and I mentioned RCAT and that has delivered handsomely. handsomely. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. That's a pretty nice trade there. Uh tomorrow for employment to bring it full circle. Uh Mark, I mean generally we should root for a good number even if it might cause a little shakeup in in the bond market, right? That's something hopefully we can get over over time. I mean I would just love to see the economy print a good number when there is so much hysteria around AI **[47:40]** when there is so much hysteria around AI uh and um geopolitical concern. It would be really nice to just bang out a beauty there for an NFP. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I totally agree. I mean, and I just have a fundamental moral hazard against rooting for a bad job number just does just doesn't seem to make a hell of a lot of sense to me. And then, of course, you know, the other big thing on the horizon is of the March 11 inflation print. I think that's going to be critically important if we're talking about monetary policy. about monetary policy. &gt;&gt; Good point. Great stuff. Michael Prey, glad we got you. &gt;&gt; Warmed to see you, brother. &gt;&gt; You the man. &gt;&gt; Thank you, sir. Thank you, Mark. &gt;&gt; CEO Market Rebellion. All right, good conversation on the economic data. Good conversation also on the defense names. Nice looking chart there in Arcat. Short break, then we're coming back. Joel Hawthorne checking in on charts and trades, looking for opportunity as the market tries to grind back here. We're trying to go for it. S&amp;P 500 not looking bad at all. There it is. Uh right now down less than we were at the last check. We're now down 3/4 of a percent, only 51 points. only 51 points. &gt;&gt; All right, be right back. **[49:51]** Heat. Hey, Heat. With increased volatility, investors are bracing for large market moves, both up and down. Will the market rebound 30% or will we see a 30% drop? At the end of the day, uncertainty remains a constant. Innovators floor ETFs are designed for volatile markets. They aim to position portfolios for market moves regardless of direction or magnitude. They are intended as a core equity solution providing exposure to US equities with built-in downside protection seeking to deliver more than 70% of the upside and targeting a max loss of 8 to 12% annually with specified levels of sought after protection and upside participation. We believe the floor ETFs offer an evergreen strategy designed to allow investors to remain invested regardless of the market's direction. All right, welcome back. We are grinding. We are trying. We are pushing here. S&amp;P 500 now extending back above 68. We got Scotty Power with Joel Hawthorne right behind as we got a powerhouse close here for the next 19 minutes. Scott, this market is not giving up without a fight and I love to see that. Yeah, you know, was sitting there with you yesterday. We talked about, you know, what I thought going into the close yesterday that it was a positive day, not because we wound up in the **[51:52]** day, not because we wound up in the green, but just because we kind of, you know, grinded it out. We didn't have a a massively volatile day yesterday. And that's what the market needs. And then all of a sudden, you know, we get today. Um and and it's interesting because right now and yes it's due to Iran and geopolitical risks the market is all trading on what oil is doing. So what oil is doing is affecting the bond market which then in turn is in affecting the equity markets. So you know I if if we come in tomorrow and I know we've got a big jobs number big NFP tomorrow. we come in tomorrow and and overnight, you know, there's there's some sort of big deescalation in the Iran crisis and let's all hope that is the case. Um that that's going to put a lot of power behind the market to the upside. Now, we still have the NFPs to come out. We we you know, got to get through that hurdle and given where rates have gone over the last several days from 397 to what 415 or so in in the 10 year. with that. That's a massive massive move. If that's a hot number for the NFPS tomorrow, that's that's not going to be a good thing here. We we could see the 10 year really blow higher to even or two or so if there's not a deescalation as well. We've got two with you on that. you on that. &gt;&gt; We've got two things tomorrow that can really really make this market move. Um, maybe there's then an opportunity to try and play a balance in the stocks, but maybe hedge it hedge it through bonds because I that's one I think I've been more right on bonds than I have been stocks the last week here. I missed the the &gt;&gt; not the only stocks. &gt;&gt; You nailed Broadcom, by the way. Let's talk about that real quick, Scott. and then we'll kind of marriage it with the bond idea first because maybe it's time to go long some of these beaten down tech names and then maybe you hedge it out with a short bond position if you think that's where the volatility is going to come from uh because this **[53:53]** going to come from uh because this broadcast move has held on today. Uh you put that on our radar yesterday and I'm happy to see that that's been able to hold in. It's very encouraging. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it and I'm wondering what it would have done on a uh on a better tape date, right? because we we saw this thing close to 340 or so this morning. Um but like you said, it's held in while the rest, you know, as the rest of the market kind of melted down today. So, uh I think this is one where we could see continuation back through the highs of early this morning, maybe even touching it up to 350, 360 in the short run. &gt;&gt; Cloud stocks too, you know, the beaten up stuff. If that if the weakest part of the market off the highs is now finding support while the broad market is at its weakest, that to me is uh could arguably just be part of the rotation we went through and now we're kind of resetting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no doubt. And and you know what, we get these rotations and and when we get the reset, that's fine. We just have to know how to trade it. We have to understand it. But that's a natural, you know, move in the markets are to see these resets and sector rotations. So I I've got no problem with that. What I do have a problem with is, you know, and and and you know, and it's full disclosure here, I have been very favorable towards the banks, especially JP and Goldman Sachs, and and um whether they're getting hit because of what's happening to the bond market &gt;&gt; with rates or what it is, um they held the lows today, but they're teetering a little bit. So, I'm I'm starting to get a little bit concerned. Um, I'm thinking it's bonds. Uh, because some of the other stuff that was working, working, &gt;&gt; if you look at IWM, the small caps, &gt;&gt; uh, they're now fading a little bit. The high yield space also struggling to hold support. So the bond ccentric stuff I I think we are you know you you add in **[55:55]** think we are you know you you add in crude and it becomes an inflation uh commodity story but you add in the data and the last couple inflation prints and it might just be an inflation story in general general &gt;&gt; the yeah I mean the the underpinning is is really that though inflation was kind of calming down it's still you know it's still well out of the range we want it to be. So pouring fuel on the fire here with what's going on with with oil prices and and now you know with the bond market here it is definitely an inflation problem. There's no question about that. about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so okay tell me then do you prefer to stick with the tech trade that's kind of working then Scott? maybe try and look for a broadcom to lead out of this funk that we're in or look at the dip in banks and go give it one more try try &gt;&gt; between the two right now. Right now, I'd rather go with the tech. Now, if if if the banks hold here, if JP Goldman, you know, the the banking index holds here and rallies back, I'm back in the camp of of banks. But, you know, we've tested down here a few times now. And that's my concern is, you know, on the third or fourth test, we get down here, maybe there's a breakthrough. I'm hoping not. I'm hoping that it is due to what we're seeing in the bond market. And if we get a little turn there, then things are going to turn in the banks as well. But if if you had to ask me, you know, what would I rather put on at least for the short run, like over the next week, it would probably be tech. Even though even though I still like the banks, but I am, you know, getting hit on that a little bit. Uh, and it's tech specifically the stuff that's been beaten down. Cloud names, the the bathwater names that got thrown out. &gt;&gt; They are. And that's not a trade either. Those those would be ones that, you know, I would hold longer term when I'm looking 3 6 months down the road, not just looking to make a trade like like Broadcom yesterday going into earnings. You know, that that was a trade. I do like it still going higher. But yes, I I **[57:56]** like it still going higher. But yes, I I would hold those for a longer term than just, you know, saying, "Hey, I like selling a put spread for next week or anything like that." anything like that." &gt;&gt; Okay. And uh Broadcom, good support trying to hold in there. Nice call on that, Scott. Good uh good call into the end of the close yesterday into the earnings. Good eyes on that. &gt;&gt; Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. &gt;&gt; Have a good one. &gt;&gt; Excellent work. Scott Bower, Prosperit Trading Academy. All right, we got 13 minutes left here. Let me get my man Joel in who's on the line for some closing bell thoughts here as uh we look to I don't know, maybe hold on, but we did uh just get hit there a little bit. I kind of wish that that ramp had happened maybe about 5 to 10 minutes later into the actual bell instead of giving uh bears the opportunity to control us into the closing bell here. Uh, but Joel, look, I mean, again, this markets is um is fighting for it, and I really like to see I was so tempted to drop my green light on stocks, make it yellow, but I just want to see how we close, and if we can close around familiar levels at 68, then I stay hopeful. How about you? &gt;&gt; Uh, first, man. Yeah, thanks for having me on, man. Uh, today's a great day to be talking markets because, uh, I mean, early on today, it just seemed like we were in a battle. I mean midway through the trading session uh there was no headway I think really for direction uh for just a continuation of yesterday's close uh we saw some weakness to start the session here and then it looked like bulls were going to try to push things back to that 6900ish level that you and I have been uh kind of talking about for a while. Uh if I if I recall correctly, it looks like today uh in S&amp;P the highs are right just just about that like 68 90s or so something around there. So I thought maybe we would kind of grind a little bit higher, maybe consolidate and lo and behold the **[59:56]** maybe consolidate and lo and behold the bottom fell out. So right now I think there's a lot still a lot of uncertainty. I think there's still a lot of push and pull going on in the market. knows no one's side right now I think is in control. Uh this would what this is what I would call more consolidation and in consolidation that's usually where buyers and sellers find price to be fair and they have to battle it out and that's what I'm seeing right now. &gt;&gt; Uh Joel I know you've been uh keeping a close eye on some of the mags. That is probably one of the more concerning charts in the market. It looks like the MAGS are now seeing old support become new resistance, which is certainly more bearish than bullish. Any names in this category that you'd like to pick off or fade? fade? &gt;&gt; Uh, a lot of names that's on my radar right now. Uh, one being Microsoft. You and I spoke about that one a little bit. Uh, Microsoft is definitely one that I've been watching very closely here. &gt;&gt; It looks decent. &gt;&gt; Current currently trading about 410 and change. Um, and I'm looking a little further out. Uh, I think that after it kind of hit uh some lower levels there right around like 380, I thought maybe that the selling was a bit exhausted. So, I thought maybe that would be an opportunity for buyers to come back in. Uh we do have a little bit of pop here, but I'm still I don't know if this is going to continue to get maybe revisit some of those lows or are we going to kind of continue and kind of grind ourselves higher. ourselves higher. &gt;&gt; Um the the chart overall for for MAGS I think more concerning than the one for Microsoft which is part of that beaten up cloud group. I thought Scott had a pretty interesting point that um and they got price action today. You know, cloud stocks outperforming Microsoft up. It's interesting that folks are willing to take shots at some of the worst performers of the last 3 months. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I think Scott hit a very good point. I was listening to him as **[1:01:58]** good point. I was listening to him as well. Uh always he he's always a wealth of information. Uh up over 1% today, up about over five bucks Microsoft. And I do think I think that's can be a tell of the taste. I think the broader scope though for me is how we're looking each time we we get to some of these pivotal levels the overall market some of these names like a Microsoft um really get a big and I think that that could be um just the resiliency of buyers right buyers are saying hey you know what looking at this from a discounted perspective seeing some of those lower levels and then firing away to kind of build a war chest um I think tomorrow is going to be going to be &gt;&gt; for me uh as you know I love poker. Uh it's one of those things where it's just I just need I just need a chip in a chair tomorrow. That's it. I think I need a chip in a chair. I'm gonna I'm gonna fire away some. I'm gonna have my arsenal and my war chest ready for uh what happens after non-farm payroll, which I do think if it's if things come in hot, uh we can we can definitely kind of break down some of these support levels and we'll see some bears really get some momentum or uh the green light, the risk radar that I that I pay attention to yours so well, the buyers will come in. So, we'll see what happens. But that's just my poker analogy. Chip in a chair, man. I want to see. see. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Live to fight another day. Basically, have something to to deploy, right? Wait for because the chip in a chair is powerful cuz if you know your range, then you're you know, you're going to get called because absolutely &gt;&gt; it's just a chip. So, the idea is you can spin that up um if you hold on to some ammo. I like the idea of kind of having the war chest ready to deploy as well. Um because again I feel like tomorrow could be one of those just big move days regardless of direction. Um you know I'm I'm concerned that the price action suggests uh over the last **[1:04:00]** price action suggests uh over the last week that it's it's going to be to the downside here. But I haven't given up hope which is why I've got the green light there. And I'll tell you what longer we talk Joel S&amp;P 500 pushing. We're now just down 45 points. We're starting to develop a decent little wick here on today's candle again to hold up above 68. So, above 68. So, yeah, that's encouraging. yeah, that's encouraging. &gt;&gt; I'm standing here watching and I'm definitely uh I'm I'm kind of like in one of those moments where I'm like, "Hey, you know what? Let's not kind of fight. Let's not get in the battle here with 7 minutes left to go." But I do like this closing bell momentum. And again, it goes back to what I just said. these levels right today's low has been a direct correlation I mean we're looking at what is that right now like a double bottom maybe even can argue like with just 3 days ago which would be probably on Monday or Tuesday we saw that low near 6718 in S&amp;P &gt;&gt; and then the the the following couple of days we hit a double bottom and we're we're rallying off of that bottom so if this is any tell of what to anticipate to go freed away, right? We could obviously break new, we could break to back to those lows or do we see ourselves with a really attractive trading range back inside of that 6,900ish area where that would only put us right now. I mean, we're at 6827 6830 in SPS. in SPS. &gt;&gt; It's not far off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes. &gt;&gt; You get right back to that midpoint. That looks like a big victory all of a sudden after the way it was looking this morning. morning. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. You have to consider today a a victory. I mean, we were down well over 1% today. A little bit over 1%. And now, what what are we right now? Just down 41 handles or so in in in &gt;&gt; Exactly. 415. &gt;&gt; Exactly. 415. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we are &gt;&gt; pretty good right at 23 half. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I I I would I would also say, you know, kind of revisiting that risk radar. I thought I thought one thing about crypto that we saw as well **[1:06:01]** thing about crypto that we saw as well for yesterday, big big rally in crypto yesterday. Um, you know, obviously that's going to be the narrative cuz it kind of appeared to be one of those risk on days for equities, risk on days for crypto. That marriage seemed to kind of revisit itself yesterday. Let's see if that's going to be have some continuation. continuation. &gt;&gt; Uh, got to tell you, man, that risk radar is is is is really really valuable. um it gives kind of a broader scope because scope because &gt;&gt; love that &gt;&gt; love that &gt;&gt; you know a lot of people can't they're just sometimes you kind of get out of the loop of trying to watch all these asset classes at once um when you're also trying to make money so to kind of put them all together and build a narrative is key. narrative is key. &gt;&gt; There you go. I love that. That's the goal. BTC is still in that range 60 to 80. So stocks can push through back to that midpoint at 6900. Maybe BTC gets back to 80. Always a good perspective. Chipping a chair for tomorrow's jobs. Joel, thank you very much. Mr. Hawthorne, Hawthorne, &gt;&gt; thanks for having me. &gt;&gt; You got it. All right, we are four minutes into the bell. I'm jumping cuz I got to catch a flight. And Sibo's got a bell ringing coming up. So, let's I mean, we're looking pretty good for the level I was hoping for here uh into the finish. Thanks for joining. I will see you next week, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, 2:00 p.m. Central time. Chicago Future of Finance here at Jackson Law in the unbeatable city of Chicago. Thanks Steve and Matt for your help this week. Bye-bye.
