---
title: "Risk-On Ripper! Semis All-Time High, Metals Rip, Bitcoin Firms: CFOF LIVE"
channel: "SpotGamma"
channel_slug: spotgamma
video_id: sKRX1Mk52yM
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKRX1Mk52yM
upload_date: 2026-02-26
duration: "1:07:55"
description: "It's basically an everything rally day in markets ahead of NVDA earnings this afternoon. Phil Streible (Blue Line Futures), Scott Bauer (Prosper Trading Academy), Brent Kochuba (SpotGamma), Pete Najarian (Market Rebellion) join Oliver Renick live from Cboe in Chicago: Future of Finance"
view_count: 598
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-04
---

# Risk-On Ripper! Semis All-Time High, Metals Rip, Bitcoin Firms: CFOF LIVE

**Channel:** SpotGamma
**Date:** 2026-02-26
**Duration:** 1:07:55
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKRX1Mk52yM

---

## Transcript

**[6:15]** test, test, test. Minute and a half. All right, let's get Minute and a half. All right, let's get ready to rock and roll, folks. Hit us with the cues. We got a good show coming up. up. A A &gt;&gt; lot of action down here at SIBO Chicago Future Finance. 80 seconds. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Make some on Huh? **[8:29]** &gt;&gt; Good afternoon. Welcome to Chicago Future of Finance. I'm Oliver Renick back in Shy Town. It's pretty popping down here at SIBO. Markets are ripping. Sort of a everything rally today. Risk on in a pretty big way at a pretty key moment. And after last week of the money show, a lot of questions about how folks want to diversify portfolios. And boy, as I put it yesterday, the media tone from what I saw on cable in my hotel room and from that Catrini article that I didn't even bother reading, frankly. I've just heard so much of it at this point over and over again. The hysteria around, I guess, things that just people are scared of that's new. AI being one of them. Spinning AI into a scary story is a pretty easy one, I suppose, because there's a lot of fictional scary stuff out there about what artificial intelligence might do. But the bottom line is right now the most important stuff for the stock market, which I think is what we're mostly concerned about, right? As investors, we're mostly watching the stock market as the gauge for things. Here it is the most important sector, the most important ticker in my opinion. And last week, I also said that this looked like it was going to break out. Lo and behold, the SMH, semiconductors, have now put in a fresh all-time high. The beating heart of the stock market, of the US economy, of what sets us apart from the rest of the world breaks fresh out. You can't really ask for a more important piece of information in making your decisions as an investor and figuring out the likelihood of outcomes for the stock market and your portfolio. Semiconductors represent growth and to some extent and many names you could argue they represent value as well. So, the fact that you have SMH making an all-time high today ahead of Nvidia earnings is absolutely crucial and a very big dose of bullish narrative. **[10:30]** very big dose of bullish narrative. Here's the chart for Nvidia not waiting for earnings, pushing towards $200 after finding support at $180. You can see the range here for a long time that held. In fact, let me just extend the box that I had there. And look at that. These charts, got to be honest, I kind of love charts. And now you're trying to break out of that range too. So things are looking solid. Look over on the lefth hand side. You see a lot of strength elsewhere today. You see silver whose chart had been making lower highs in the short term now making a higher high. Phil Streel is going to join me to talk about that here in a moment. We got to talk about the metals. Gold, a popular subject of course at the money show yesterday in Las Vegas. And gold stable after putting in its higher highs and higher lows. So gold looks solid. Silver looks solid. And of course because I go by the charts. Bitcoin looking decent. Look at that. Low and behold ye. Uh micro strategy. Boy, I wish I should have sent myself the image that they had outside the wind club. So this is the kicker. When I was in Vegas the last few days, you can't make it up. Last time I was in Vegas, I ran into Michael himself when I asked him about the short. Actually, it wasn't last time I was in Vegas. That was a Bitcoin conference almost a year ago. I asked him about shorting his company. He said, "I'll probably get my face ripped off." I didn't. He did. But this time, they had their strategy world conference. You just can't make it up. The coiners are always there when I'm there. We they they just they can't get away from me and I can't get away from them. But Micro Strategy had this uh pretty great poster for their party outside the XS nightclub at the win. So 140 bucks for Master. I would still be sweating if I'm them. No question about it. But Bitcoin and Ethereum finally getting a decent bounce today. This candle for Bitcoin is still operating within this range of the last couple months here. But I think it **[12:32]** last couple months here. But I think it also deserves a little bit of credit and that it has found now support. And I think for a lot of people that is going to be very reassuring because they obviously looking for this thing to make big big moves and it hasn't of course but at least it's no longer breaking down. So the updates today for me on the risk radar are green on stocks and now yellow on BTC. So it had been read for Bitcoin and I think we can give it some technical appreciation that now you have a range developing in Bitcoin that may or may not join the risk on uh trend that's happening in stocks. Generally still you think about Bitcoin as a risk asset even though it was an asymmetric risk asset only getting beta to the downside for stocks the last six months or whatever. I think generally when you have semiconductors breaking out to an all-time high which is why stocks are green. The potential for Bitcoin and other risk assets to firm up as well are there. I think gold should probably be green too to be honest. I kind of forgot to make that change. But here's what the risk radar looked like before. Here's what the risk radar looks like now today. So that's where we're at. I got Mr. Phil Streel joining me from Blue Line Futures. Uh and by the way, the other thing too that's important about uh gold too as I bring in Phil is that that chart had been making, you know, higher highs for uh the last couple weeks. So it just looks like it's in pretty good shape overall. Mr. Strebble and the Blue Line Futures crew are experts in the world of commodities. Phil, how you doing, sir? What's going on? What's going on? &gt;&gt; I'm doing I'm doing great. Thanks for having me on. Yeah, pretty risk-on day here across the board. You did have the metals. They were halted for a period of time. So the conspiracy theories surrounding with just a day or two before that expiration and that big rollover that the internet buzz was just feeding with all kinds of uh different theories out there. But it reopened and we've got gold, silver, copper all making new highs as of this recording. &gt;&gt; The um uh potential for for for gold, **[14:32]** &gt;&gt; The um uh potential for for for gold, let's start there, Phil. It just seems like it's been the most reliable generally. uh the chart uh now, you know, going back up and to the right. Uh I know a lot of folks trade GLD, but I'll start just with futures uh for a moment here. Um what do you think the potential for this looks like? Um 5600 for futures. Uh take me through it. &gt;&gt; I I think so. You had a lot of different banks come out like JP Morgan, Bank of America revising their their price targets higher. You had Bank of America, I believe, with a 6,000 price target. So, I mean, traders are just weighing the uncertainty surrounding US import tariffs, the friction in the Middle East. It makes sense as a portfolio diversifier. You have central banks buy it. It's um just widely accustomed and it's a great asset to have. You know, it's a lack of clarity over US trade policies, the tensions. You got this massive American military buildup. It's really been supporting the precious metals recently. So the basement trade inflation, dollar depreciation, it's a number of you just picked it out of a hat on what the reason behind it is, but technically it looks very strong from here. here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um it looks like it could be really kicking into gear. One of the things back into gear rather. One of the things that we talked about yesterday with some of the folks at the money show uh is that everybody loves when volatility is to the upside in their asset that they own. But I do wonder to some extent, you know, the reason why gold is gold and not Bitcoin is is because, you know, it supposed to kind of have a diff a different risk profile, a different volatility profile. Uh, but the implied volatility for this thing obviously has changed dramatically here over the last several months in a way that I wonder if it it changes kind of how it's supposed to work in a portfolio. You know, right now it's working in a good way for gold, but how do you think about it now as balancing against other things when it has this type of, you know, whippiness to it? **[16:33]** type of, you know, whippiness to it? &gt;&gt; Definitely. I mean, position sizing is one of the most important key elements of building any kind of portfolio out there. And gold realistically shouldn't see more than a 10% allocation in anyone's portfolio because of the volatility that's going on. So, you definitely have to beta adjust your portfolio. the daily average true range is right around like $180 a day on gold. So, it does um become a little bit um you know nerve-wracking if you're going to get in there and you're going to hold on to some kind of very large position. So, you really want to look at this thing as a portfolio diversifier, but just having small slivers of it. It's a product more I think that is beneficial for the dollar cost averaging rather than being a maxi at any type of um level. You do see the gold volatility at 35. If it gets over 40, the last time we were over there was when we had that cataclysmic fall in futures prices. And you do have silver volatility screaming up at like 86 87. And those are just those ranges where you're seeing these 10% moves, these uncharacteristic moves take place. take place. &gt;&gt; Uh we've got that IV up for GLT right now to your point. You know, just a totally different regime. Uh now that being said though, you know, if just kind of the way the market works these days is uh we have more appetite for swinginess, you know, we're out there in Vegas talking about zero DTE and the way people are inv embracing convexity in options. Obviously, Bitcoin for the last eight years, you know, people have have loved uh some have embraced that volatility. volatility. So maybe it's just gold getting a modern makeover. makeover. that that entirely could possibly be it. I mean, the number of different products that are being created that are proxies for these different things, these different leverage bets, and then of course those zero DTE options. You could trade options almost every day on the gold futures contract, on the silver **[18:34]** gold futures contract, on the silver contract, and many of these future contracts out there because of the fact you have so many platforms that have taken shape that have allowed people to bet on different products in different ways. anything from sports to politics to, you know, futures contracts and directional moves. So, that's going to cause these big girrations when you see large bets being placed in the market. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, let's um talk silver real quick. Four quarter% a volatility profile that's generally assumed to be a little bit more um swingy. So, if you're looking for the the juice, 120 bucks for um SI and maybe, you know, 110 for SLV. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you go to like from 50 to 50 was really the breakout. It went up to 8267. It double top there. That's about a $32 move. And then the last time we consolidated at that 82 level, it extended on up to about 115120. So, it' be a good extension upwards on that market. Now you look at the silver market. The ETF outflows that have taken place since the start of the year have continuously taken place except yesterday you had China kind of comes back online. They buy about 10 million ounces of silver. So ETFs start to come back but they've never gotten back above those December 31st highs. And it tells you that money managers, fund managers, and everyone else that want to beta adjust their positions realize that there's just too much volatility there. The average true range is like $85 and it ballooned up to $12 a day. And the problem is is that when I was trying to offload some of the physical side, you would see a lot of these buyers out there at different shops and things like that just really hesitant to uh take anything on because they've got to stomach that volatility as well. &gt;&gt; Fair. Good point. uh and uh margin requirements, you know, changing. So that kind of tells you that the maybe liquidity liquidity is a little thinner in that pool. Uh **[20:36]** is a little thinner in that pool. Uh hey, Phil, uh give me your thought on Bitcoin real quick. Is uh BTC pushing to 69, still within a pretty well-defined, call it, you know, 10,000 point range for the last uh almost month now. But I I put it yellow on my risk radar just because, you know, I want to be fair to the thing. And if stocks are breaking out, like maybe there's still some appetite here. Like, you know, some people are going to fight for this thing. thing. &gt;&gt; You got to get above some key levels. I mean, down 25% year to date, 50% below its all-time highs. Needs a 100% move in order to get back to those highs. 45% of all the coins that have bought are worth less than what the holders have paid. Institutional adoption, I think, is fading. weeks of ETF outflows have dampened that bull case. I'm not a bull on that market whatsoever. I mean, was it a victim of the momentum rotation trade because of the fact that Bitcoin peaked uh the last go around right on that uh January 29th? That's when it broke and started to sell off excessively. That's coincidentally when gold and silver made their all-time highs before they were rugpulled. So, uh, Bitcoin's going to have to get some brand new bull case in order to take back off. back off. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, maybe we get, uh, I, you know, I don't really know what the bull case is, uh, from the macro side. I think it's just whether or not it reclaims its its risk properties. Uh, today's and today's encouraging from that. That's that's kind of why I'm giving it a chance is because we're rallying everything today. Bitcoin got to be a part of that. part of that. &gt;&gt; That's a volatile move higher. You just mentioned it yourself that upside volatility is volatility. So this is bringing 7% move to the upside. You know, it's not to say that Bitcoin you get a miss on Nvidia earnings, you get a spike on the volatility index, you get the dollar going back up, and next thing you know, Bitcoin is going to be making a new low banging in the 50,000 and people are going to be crying again. So this is where you take these types of opportunities, these 7% move highers, things like that. you rightsize your **[22:37]** things like that. you rightsize your position, you bring it down to what your allocation model should show. &gt;&gt; Okay, nicely said, good thoughts there. Uh I guess last last the 10year since you kind of teased there a little bit of bonds. Fascinating chart um that I've got going on the 10 year here uh getting compressed in this sideways triangle over a couple years and finding yield support here at the hard four handle. Um, I've thought a month ago yields were going to go up. I was wrong. Maybe that could still be right. What do you think, Phil? Phil? &gt;&gt; I It's amazing how the yield curve was steepening dramatically and then all of a sudden started flattening and it tells you that the growth story in the US is starting to fade. That inflation is going to be kind of holding up a little bit more stickier. We're going back into that stagflation type environment. The Fed is completely handcuffed. So, a 2% chance they cut rates in March. It's like not priced in. July is like 50/50. You go out to September, that's the first time they got 100% priced in. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Nice. Good analysis, Phil Streel. Love it. Um and a couple pretty interesting charts there. Uh sounds like you're generally a lot more confident in the metals uh than you are the coins. And it seems like for bonds, we still kind of need some things to fall into place, you know, for that puzzle to come together on what we're going to do with rates. couple months out still probably especially if the economy is going to be all right and uh stocks are going to be making new highs. Phil Streel, Blue Line Futures, great stuff. Thank you, sir. &gt;&gt; Thanks a lot. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Got it. You got it. All right. Now, I know somebody who definitely wants to get those rates cut. Mr. Pete Nagarian joining us on the line as well from Mark Rebellion. Let me bring him in here as um we are cooking stocks just a lot of green uh on this um market today. Pete, right? Not not bad, eh? &gt;&gt; Not so bad, Oliver. I tell you what, I'm loving it because I tend to lean a little bit long, especially under **[24:37]** little bit long, especially under circumstances where I don't really fully comprehend why it's being sold off so much sometimes. So, um, it's been already an interesting week and we're only 3 days into it, [laughter] but it certainly has been a wild ride whether or not you want to look at the S&amp;P 500 and everybody was woe as me and everything was awful right on Monday. I mean, it's a terrible thing. you know, Trump did this, Trump did that, whatever. Um, and I don't ever go political, but it it's just interesting to see the reactions, Oliver, that we were getting on Monday because of the fact that, okay, well, they're taking down these tariffs. And he said, well, how about 10%. And you know what? Then he came up 15% on Saturday. And, you know, Monday was was what it was. We sold off. But here's the interesting thing. thing. &gt;&gt; You take a look over at the S&amp;P 500 today from where it was on Monday and you're up almost well over a 100 points. So, So, &gt;&gt; pretty nice move that we're seeing. And, you know, that's kind of why I tend to still lean a little bit long because um obviously I like what we've seen through earnings. I like what we've seen through some of the other areas of the marketplace that um probably don't get talked enough about. But also, and you and I talk about this almost every week, but the Burl lives trade, it is alive and and strong and and continuing and the buying that continues to roll in there. Absolutely incredible. Whether it's SLV or GD uh GLD, it has been unbelievable so far, Oliver. I I swear to you, and I know you probably get tired of this whole thing about me talking about silver. talking about silver. &gt;&gt; Hey, it is where it is. The the the trade hasn't stopped. SLV at 82. Where are you seeing the buying action, Pete? How much speculation? How much conviction is there? And what you're seeing for options flow? &gt;&gt; Huge conviction. Um, you know, if if you go look back last Friday, you take a look at where things were. 75 bucks, give or take, is where we were, and we had some huge buying there. 17,000 of the 74 calls were getting bought. Um, then you come back to Monday, 19,000 of **[26:38]** then you come back to Monday, 19,000 of the February, 80 calls getting bought. I mean, it's it's something that just continues to hit day after day after day. And we have seen some monstrous trades in there. We had 20,000 U calls getting bought just last week as well. uh that those are already expired, but the movements that we are seeing in silver and particularly obviously with the SLV being a great way to try to do that whole thing. Um that options have been absolutely incredible and they keep coming for it. You'd think that maybe they'd say, "Okay, we're going to back off a little bit." We're not seeing that at all. And at all. And &gt;&gt; and I thought maybe too the chart to me was looking a little bit dicey here a couple weeks back, Pete, when it was fighting to hold 65 bucks on SLV. My point was GLD looks like the better version, which I I think was correct, but now they look the same. Basically, silver's, you know, now making a higher high. So, that chart is looking pretty darn good. darn good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the the chart looks great. And you mentioned G gold. How about GLD? Just the movement that we've had out of there. We get hits almost every day, it feels like. As a matter of fact, in just the last couple of days, um, and more of it today, we had 56,000 of the March 40495 calls being bought. That's a pretty nice number. 55,000 of the March 485s were getting bought just the other day and then 55,000 of the March 505 calls were getting bought just the other day. So, we're seeing buyers. We're seeing some they're mostly spread still just to keep some clarity there. We're seeing spreads. They're buying obviously and they're going out either 15 bucks higher, 20 bucks higher. That's usually what they're doing. Once in a while it's only $10. But these spreads, Oliver, just are absolutely extraordinary to see day after day after day. And it just seems like GLD is just &gt;&gt; it's almost like where is it? You know, when we get to 2:00 and we haven't seen a GLD trade, it's kind of like I go looking around to try to find where it is. But I think that the reality is uh you know, today was a great example of that. just about well 30 minutes ago is **[28:40]** that. just about well 30 minutes ago is when we started to see the 56,000 of these March 495 calls being bought. So it finally hit it took till you know basically the final hour of trade but they're out there and they're continuing to buy that that s side of the world and and you know what it's a place that people feel they can hide a little bit anyway and so far so good. It's been a pretty nice ride even on days like today where it's going up as strong as it is as far as the other broad part of the market and you know you start seeing some of the names that are moving. Um and yet gold continues to go higher and like you said silver is doing a pretty good job as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, both of them looking good. Uh Bitcoin uh in it as well. It's just a very encouraging day for risk on and risk appetite uh overall. Uh so kind of everywhere you look a few places um that I think are overlooked that that you've been looking at as well. Pete you mentioned uh let's go to a few specific names here that you're watching. Core is one. CRWV one. CRWV uh stock that's been rangebound but was a real hot trade middle uh to early last year. Uh and then you know uh kind of fizzled, made some lower highs, made lower lows. What do you see here? What stands out? Well, the what stands out for me is they just keep coming for Coreweave. Just this week, as a matter of fact, it's been it's been pretty amazing. On Monday, they were buying the March 115 calls for bucks. They bought 22,000 of those, Oliver. I mean, some of the size of some of these trades is just extraordinary to see just how much the investment that is going into these. The April 130 calls, they paid a little over five, five bucks, I think, for these. 23,000 of those were bought and these were just getting traded just yesterday. So, um yeah, there's there's not somebody out there saying they're tired of it. They're still seeing that core has some potential to the upside, but by the buying that we're seeing. I own a little bit of this because I was so convinced by this unusual option **[30:41]** convinced by this unusual option activity as we call it u moving. You know, it's it's amazing. They've got their Gen AI, they've got all these things, the cloud platform and so forth. And Cororeweave seems to be a name that uh people are pretty attracted to at least for now. We're seeing that now and they're going to March and April. They're not going out too far, but they are going all the way out to April. &gt;&gt; Uh I do see the um IV picking up to your point going into um earnings, right? Uh which are coming out uh tomorrow. So maybe there's, you know, event uh possibility here as well. Um, so speaking of that, you know, we got the big dog. big dog. &gt;&gt; There's the event. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Nvidia. I mean, I kind of love There's some here in this chart, Pete, that uh is making uh the bull in me, you know, uh ah breathe it out, you know, sort it out. It feels like we might be getting ready to charge because Nvidia's breaking out of this range. It hasn't been above 195 in a while. And then you mentioned the S&amp;P 500 too, which is I had this yellow line at 6,900 and we just that was the straight midpoint right between seven and 68 basically and we kind of gapped above that after a 7-day range as well. So it's kind of like almost like getting a little gappy to the upside today and some of these really important names. So tell me what you see in Nvidia. Well, the interesting thing is not as much today, but on Monday we did see towards the end of the trading session. There was a huge buyer 25,000 of the March 205 calls. Well, those calls have really ripped already based upon the movement that we have seen and uh amazing to see that that happened during Monday. Stock was only trading about 191 at the time and they bought 25,000 of these 205s for about 460. Those have jumped up pretty nicely. I think they've doubled so far since that buy and it's been an incredible move. I still think that the potential is out there and all of it comes down to this. The numbers themselves are extremely important. I guess the next **[32:42]** extremely important. I guess the next thing would be what is the capex because that is the the latest greatest thing, right? I mean, if if your capex is really high, that's not been very good in terms of the interpretation from a lot of the folks out there. And so that's something we'll be watching very closely. But I would say that uh Judson Wong does a great job of of controlling the narrative as best as he can. And so we'll see if he's able to do that today as well. It'll be really interesting after the close to see what they have to say, but also some of the questions that he will be answering. He's always been very upfront and and and a guy who's been very solid about what he's proposed to to folks and what to be looking for within his stock. So I'm just looking at it this way. If the numbers are as good as I think that they will be, it makes a lot of sense that uh this this move that they're making right now and this potential of a breakout, it really could be a real potential of a breakout even a lot much that much higher higher. But that being said, we know that over the last couple of weeks as we've gotten some of these tech names, um that capex has really been something that pulls these things down pretty quick. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. it um but it could be you know it it pulls down this the hyperscalers but it might eventually pull up Nvidia pull up Nvidia &gt;&gt; you know they're spinning on um you know they're spinning on their hardware here's some of the numbers from chat GPT speaking of which powering it all um 70 to 73% to 73% annualized earnings growth for Nvidia 66% 66% uh and a half roughly uh for the uh year-over-year revenue venue growth. So, their earnings are growing at a faster rate year-over-year now than the revenue, which is a great story about margins. margins. &gt;&gt; It's just even if they miss, it's like they're still doing insane numbers. I remember we had this conversation like two years ago, two years ago, &gt;&gt; you know, and it was like when they were doing the 200 300% stuff. Um, and the **[34:44]** doing the 200 300% stuff. Um, and the fact that now we've moved on and they have fallen to 60 to 70% growth is like what how could how could people be um I just don't understand how you could want to try and fade the broad market &gt;&gt; or be bearish really anything when this is, you know, the the engine. This is really the engine and there's a lot of different parts to our machine, but this was how it started. started with Nvidia and it is still cranking. The machine is still is powerful. still is powerful. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's it's amazing. And you know what? Uh when they actually deliver and it's not that far away now. We're getting closer to 230. So, you know, at after the close, it's going to be really interesting to see. Again, I think it does come down to the narrative. It it comes down to the I think the numbers themselves are going to look really good. I really do. Um which is why I'm leaning in that direction. It's why I own some calls in there because A, we're seeing those calls being bought. B, it seems like the right time because the stock has not really been all that much movement as you and I were were talking about earlier. Been pinned down there somewhere in the 190s, the low 190s for a while and now it's starting to break a little bit. And now, will it will it be able to break even better? And we've seen that in the past, but can it happen again? I think it probably can based upon a lot of the numbers that we are seeing out there. But um it's a matter of did can they deliver and I and and I I feel pretty confident that they can. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I think they will as well. Um I think that my personal bias is it seems like things are looking positive for it. Uh also the flip side though is you know if any of it misses then all right be aware because we we've still seen the S&amp;P 500 penn in this range. You know, even though I think the chart looks really good here today, it still hasn't broken out. I think the volatility experts would tell you that there is still a very strong potential for the second derivative type gamma squeeze in **[36:45]** second derivative type gamma squeeze in either direction. If this range we've been in has to has to break and, you know, peels off, then all right, you know, I I do think though that the bias for me would be that it looks like it's going to break to the upside. Uh but still, uh it is a big piece of the puzzle. It needs to fall into place and it's looking pretty good right now. Pete, thank you very much as always, sir. Much appreciated for your time. Great thoughts. Great thoughts. &gt;&gt; You're the best, man. Thanks. See you. &gt;&gt; Back at you. Good thoughts on the silver trade, Bar trade, and good thoughts on Nvidia ahead of the report here. All right, going to take two minute innovator buffer break. Then we're coming back. Chris Ber's got a couple stocks he's looking at. He's kind of been on a burner, too, giving us some really good equity uh pieces to look at. Be right back. Heat. Heat. With increased volatility, investors are bracing for large market moves both up and down. Will the market rebound 30%. Or will we see a 30% drop? At the end of the day, uncertainty remains a constant. Innovators floor ETFs are designed for volatile markets. They aim to position portfolios for market moves regardless **[38:45]** portfolios for market moves regardless of direction or magnitude. They are intended as a core equity solution providing exposure to US equities with built-in downside protection seeking to deliver more than 70% of the upside and targeting a max loss of 8 to 12% annually with specified levels of sought after protection and upside participation. We believe the floor ETFs offer an evergreen strategy designed to allow investors to remain invested regardless of the market's direction. **[41:20]** [music] &gt;&gt; All right, welcome back. Here we got stocks holding in. We did see the bond market sell off a little bit, but uh crude dipped red. Otherwise, everything is pretty green. Russell 2000 small caps struggling a tiny little bit here. But remember with Nvidia on deck the focus kind of shifts. Everybody's been thinking about rotation the last several months maybe year to date perhaps more accurate. We've been thinking about rotation but uh when you get Nvidia on deck you get semiconductors rallying you get generally more of a big cap type of leadership. And today we see that with the MAGS ETF back above $63 with one and a half% climb. So the Russell a bit on the slow side of today's session, but uh we'll give it a pass because you'd kind of rather the big stuff work honestly for the index. Joining me Chris Bretcher at trading.tv. What's up Chris? Looking good. good. &gt;&gt; Hey there. I think the camera looks pretty good now. Not me. The camera centering. centering. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. That's all right. That's the both. Um, so what do you think? I mean, as uh if Nvidia hits today, does our rotation go by the breadth that we've been enjoying as stock traders? You've been bringing to us, picking interesting companies that have been kind of off the beaten path. Yesterday, I talked with Nancy Tangler, uh, you know, about Walmart, Deer, and the way we've seen new leaders in the market. Um, does that change if you get your your giants like Nvidia start blowing out numbers again? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's really wild. Uh, you know, you've seen like monopoly money where they take it out into Nvidia, they buy deer, then all of a sudden deer's down today and Nvidia is up and just really funky stuff like that going on. And going on. And right now what I'm seeing is that regardless of what I think I have to be hedged in some way. And the only reason **[43:22]** hedged in some way. And the only reason I'm saying that is because the NASDAQ 50 moving average daily is still rolling over. Now it could reclaim it like a lot of other things have. But because of that, if I'm going to look for new leadership, I'm going to have to also hedge and the leader the ones I buy, I'm going to have to have in a limited risk scenario. scenario. &gt;&gt; And that's why I was talking to you. We were going over actually in our room like 50 different stocks and the problem is a lot of them that are starting to turn the corner like RGTI and NE um they're still in downtrend. So, you got to just orient it in a way that if they do go up, you're uh you're participating, but if they go down, you're not going to lose that much. And I don't like to have a self-defeating attitude, but they look like they're turning the corner. turning the corner. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh Regetti, right? That's um what he mentioned there. RGTI after basing out maybe on the chart. Is that what you're seeing? you're seeing? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I'm going more I know it doesn't sound like a perfect like correlation. It's not, but I would take CEG because that was the whole power thing and all that constellation energy stock went from 400 to 250 and it's had a massive rally and I really think that some of that is uh and it had earnings today. I think that's really helped those other stocks start to bottom. &gt;&gt; Constellation &gt;&gt; Constellation um I I also think is a pretty interesting one to look at because this is uh one of those that you know kind of feeds in on the supply side to the AI story as well. you know, when you go from the from the energy side trying to find that kind of um you know, uh tangential auxiliary story if if you will to the AI one. Uh that was one that **[45:24]** will to the AI one. Uh that was one that had a ton of volatility. You know, the IV right now at 52. Uh so it was volatility to the downside over the last three or four months, but of course it was a killer, you know, back in 2024. Uh and and really started cooking 202 uh3. So the idea that you could have this kind of long-term uptrend reigniting reigniting in some of these trades could be very exciting. exciting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll tell you right now, it's funny. If you go back to a daily chart, look at the bottom that you saw in February, that's something we're trying to teach all the time. Uh if you like uh go to a daily and like really zoom in, we love dogeis and when you go to the downtrend in CEG this year, &gt;&gt; what you'll see there is that little dogee down there and then the follow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Beautiful. Right at the end. So it lost momentum on the downside. And the key isn't to buy in the dogee. The key is the follow-through candle. As you see the follow through, that was it. So, I mean, it's gone up what, 150 points since then. You didn't have to bet on earnings, but that last uh you know, the last move was like 100 points, but that dogee and the follow through the next day is a beautiful thing. And you can use Thinker Swim or Finn Viz and actually scan for Dogeis. That doesn't mean you blindly just buy them, but it's a good place to start to look for like entries. entries. &gt;&gt; Okay. Tell me what you think about uh chat GPT's description. We'll go on a little educational little educational uh uh diversion here for a moment as I always like to do. Um Chad GPT says a dogey candle is a candlestick pattern and technical analysis where the opening price and closing price are nearly the same. Okay, I see. So that's what uh that that was showing us down there, right? because you've got it's like a you know that little tea, you know, it's like an equidistant like an equidistant candle. It's like a perfect cross **[47:24]** candle. It's like a perfect cross almost, right? Cuz it's opening and closing right at the same place. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I tried to get Jack GBT to call it the Bretcher Dogee, but they wouldn't do it. So, uh I was trying. But, uh yeah, I mean you it the key is whether it's that whether it's a reversal pattern with normal candlesticks, it's always about the follow-through candle. the follow-through candle. &gt;&gt; Ah, I see. So it's like the next day is the tiebreaker. the tiebreaker. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; That's cool. That's fun. &gt;&gt; And if you went to that and you saw the dogee, dogee, you probably go to a shorter term chart to time your entry. So if I saw a dogee on a daily, I'd be putting up an hourly chart to try to time my entry. But the beauty of it is the back stop. So if it followed a little on the upside and you buy it, at least you know your back stop and that's a low of the dogee. &gt;&gt; Okay, I see. So uh CG being the example here, it it kind of shows a market finding equilibrium in the short term and then picking a direction. So it's almost like it did a U-turn, you know. &gt;&gt; Um and by the way, the IV peaked right at that moment. at that moment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Isn't that amazing? the IV peaked right at the Dogee. That's amazing, &gt;&gt; right? So, I think that's even more compelling that it's a that this is a real move, a real trend because that means that a lot of directional bets were being put on through the options market and it cleared out in favor to the upside. the upside. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's where when you see the follow-through candle, I mean, the IB the next day is still high. You can do a broken wing call above the market. &gt;&gt; Okay. And that's what I do is take advantage of that volatility. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, CEG pretty gappy and looking good in the last two days here. The candles are getting bigger and still going up. NE was the other one you mentioned. mentioned. &gt;&gt; Uh nuclear trade as well. Was that a dogee that it had on uh look at this cross here as well? **[49:25]** cross here as well? &gt;&gt; Um that's a little rough because it it wasn't near big support. It's at some support, but it wasn't the kind of cascading move like you got in uh CEG. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So that's why Well, actually, as you're showing it now, the one in uh the beginning of 26, maybe that was a dogee. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yep. Right here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there you go. &gt;&gt; Stabilized bounce. &gt;&gt; Stabilized bounce. &gt;&gt; These things are pretty cool. Uh the idea of trading the nuclear stocks back in favor definitely speaks um to the notion of a risk-on market. Uh, I I I definitely think that. So, if we get N and E to start rocking the way CG is already done, then this kind of feels like the good old heydays of AI from, I don't know what, 20 24 possibly, you know, with Nvidia earnings because that was when we really started thinking, okay, how are we going to power all this stuff? Oh my gosh, the grid's not going to be able to handle it, you know. Um, and Nvidia went on the non-ster run. video went from the the now you know 40 $40 range up to uh above 120 and then you know the rest is history essentially uh during that time you know we had pretty good strength um that's when they launched the nukes ETF which I just pulled up um and then nukes in UKZ doubled from Jan 24 up to uh you know at the end of the year basically so I mean this chart also looks like it's about to break out I just I see a lot of things in this market curse that look that look bullish to me. bullish to me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um the only thing with like the CEG and the NNE is as opposed to let's say a year ago is back then the 50 movement averages were sloping straight up. So right now they're still sloping down. So it might take a long time for them to have the go go kind of moves. I **[51:25]** them to have the go go kind of moves. I think they'd have they'll grind up, but I don't think they'll have the go- go moves until those moving averages start curling back up. curling back up. &gt;&gt; Okay, nice eyes on the charts. Uh, NE Uh, NE CEG and I would throw NU KZ into the mix. mix. &gt;&gt; Good stuff. Good. Chris, &gt;&gt; I got one more for you. Hit me. Sure. Yeah, hit me. Yeah, hit me. &gt;&gt; Tell me. &gt;&gt; Tell me. &gt;&gt; Symbiotic, &gt;&gt; Symbiotic, &gt;&gt; I think the name. Well, S YM. Yeah, Symbiotic. And the reason for that that's more news related because the commerce department is going to hold a meeting with robotics makers because of uh helping them out because of uh a competition from China. And here's another one trying to turn the corner symbiotic. They're symbiotic. symbiotic. They're symbiotic. 56 bucks. So I know I'm starting to gather you like to look for things that are basing and trying to turn around. It seems like um you know that have found support. Uh, you know, hey, I I any pick uh is is a fun trade if it's found support, but I think the nukes and the implications of that trade going into Nvidia tonight are huge. Thank you, Chris. Appreciate it. Thanks for coming on. on. &gt;&gt; Sure. Uh, thanks for having me on. &gt;&gt; You got it. Good stuff. Chris Bretcher, trading.tv trading.tv looking at the nukes ahead of Nvidia. Let's bring it home with Chris uh with Scott Bower joining me to take us into the bell here as we got a big night coming up here. Nvidia less than an hour away. Market NASDAQ looking really good right now. Got a pretty solid rally happening and uh you know with the nukes trying to make their move too could be a sign that we're about to get pumped up again. Coming back with Scotty for Prosper next. Prosper next. Heat. Heat. Heat. **[54:08]** With increased volatility, investors are bracing for large market moves both up and down. Will the market rebound 30%. Or will we see a 30% drop? At the end of the day, uncertainty remains a constant. Innovators floor ETFs are designed for volatile markets. They aim to position portfolios for market moves regardless of direction or magnitude. They are intended as a core equity solution providing exposure to US equities with built-in downside protection seeking to deliver more than 70% of the upside and targeting a max loss of 8 to 12% annually with specified levels of sought after protection and upside participation. We believe the floor ETF offer an evergreen strategy designed to allow investors to remain invested regardless of the market's direction. &gt;&gt; All right, welcome back. We got Scott Bower joining me from Prosper Trading Academy with 12 minutes into the bell at which point we have Nvidia earnings shortly behind. Scott, good to see you again. again. &gt;&gt; Yes. How was Vegas? &gt;&gt; It was good. It was good. It was uh productive. It was profitable. Uh it was you know I met some good people figured **[56:09]** you know I met some good people figured out what people are trying to trade right now. A lot of um you know folks kind of thinking about gold alternative investments. There was actually a surprising amount of talk about crude oil and and energy. Um but overall I think you know most people still are hoping the big tech you know carries us. Um yeah stock picking though for sure. you know, people trying to find individual names. individual names. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's kind of tough right now individual names to, you know, pick a bottom overall. You know, what regardless of where you're looking, um, you know, I think if you want to get back into the tech space, you're probably better off looking at at something, you know, more of an index, maybe an SMH, you know, who who knows, some something like that. But obviously things could change in the next, you know, 15 20 minutes once we see Nvidia earnings here, which sure it looks like, you know, at least the the option market and in the paper that we're seeing out there is incredibly incredibly bullish. Um, can that carry the rest of the market? We'll see. market? We'll see. &gt;&gt; It looks the chart looks bullish to me. The numbers look bullish for Nvidia, what they're going to expect. And uh this VIX chart, Scott, that I've been watching here with the uptrending VIX line. I think if this thing breaks to the downside, we are in good shape. Uh &gt;&gt; the VIX, you're talking about VIX breaking to the downside, right? &gt;&gt; Exactly. VIX, this technical line, it's held. held. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's there. You you are right. I mean, it is at major major support right now. And and what's interesting is, you know, look at some of those candles there. We're seeing really big intraday and intraday moves recently in the VIX. You know, it was just a couple days ago, you know, we were looking at what 22 23 even some of the futures going out were topped out at like 24 25 and now all of a sudden, you know, just just two days **[58:09]** a sudden, you know, just just two days later, 3 days later, here we are back at major major support. really interesting, Oliver, is is I was over in the VIX pit a little bit earlier. The last couple days, okay, there's been nothing but sellers in the VIX. When I say sellers, I'm talking about big institutional paper coming in, selling calls, selling puts also. Okay, so basically selling VIX premium today. Today, some buyers stepping in. Now, I don't look at that as buyers saying, "Hey, we're looking for the VIX to explode here." I'm looking at that as the V of the VIX being pretty much very close to what you're showing there with where the VIX is trading and people just looking at, you know, maybe buying some cheap insurance like we always talk about. &gt;&gt; Okay. The cheaper than it was a few days ago. Still above average though, right? Uh so Uh so &gt;&gt; you know I I I feel like if we break this line then maybe we just go to average of VIX first to 16. But those sellers of of premium both direction I guess then are just kind of expecting us to maybe slip back into something more normal. Um chop in between range or something like that. something like that. &gt;&gt; I mean if you look at the S&amp;Ps where we were in October to where we are now we're essentially unchanged in in a you know what seems to be a really volatile market. But if you look at the range here, we are right back to where we were. were. &gt;&gt; So, you know, I I'm not saying that that we can't see or shouldn't expect volatility. We should, but take a look at today. You know, we've got S&amp;Ps up less than a bip today. They're up 60 points, but it's, you know, n 90 basis points, right? Less less than 1%. So a VIX for people watching a VIX of 16 is equivalent to a 1% daily move in the S&amp;Ps. Okay. Now what is the VIX made up of? The VIX is made up of the implied **[1:00:11]** of? The VIX is made up of the implied volatility of S&amp;P options going out 30 days. So if we are seeing even a a 1% move in the S&amp;Ps, okay, let let's say 1% is the average, the VIX is still too high. And right now I, you know, we're we're we're close to that, right? And NASDAQ's got a 1%, but the S&amp;P 500's 86 86 pips today. So VIX has got to keep coming in. &gt;&gt; Even even if we're at 1%, that's the equivalent of the VIX at 16, &gt;&gt; right? So it should be coming down. &gt;&gt; VIX now at 1718, &gt;&gt; though it's down, you're right. If it breaks that support level that you're looking at there, I agree we could be in the mid teens pretty quickly. Now, there is still a lot ahead of us right there. There's going to be for some period of time some premium in the VIX just like there's premium in some downside puts in the Q's and the S&amp;Ps just because we've got Iran on the table. We've got tariffs on the table, you know. So there are things right there that that you know in a moment's notice we could see a 2 3% move in the market. To me that's what's keeping the VIX elevated even to where we are now. we are now. &gt;&gt; Tomorrow we got jobless claims in the morning. The kind of main piece of data yesterday we had consumer confidence that that looked good. A surprising one that's been tough to really push. Uh, I thought that was notable, Scott, that we got consumer confidence, you know, to beat yesterday. beat yesterday. &gt;&gt; It just, um, there is a lot of the things that you're talking about that could be those kind of risks. To me, a lot of them fall into the category &gt;&gt; of the subject matter that is so tempting for sensationalism. That Catrini post that was going around. &gt;&gt; Sure. CNBC yesterday I was watching just there's a lot of like breathless AI you know hypers scaler what if this what **[1:02:12]** you know hypers scaler what if this what if that like it's just it's technology like like &gt;&gt; you're you're right but but that but that kind of you know fintech talk whether it's on on the network channels or whether you see it on fint twit or whatever that causes some of this volatility that we're seeing in the marketplace. So that may not be you know type of volatility that I love is a fade. fade. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. I was saying it's not really, you know, indicative of the underlying fundamentals, I don't think. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yep. The underlying fundamentals is earnings and the valuation for those earnings and that's what we're going to find out tonight for Nvidia. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; strong view. So, let's I mean, we we've talked about Nvidia. I'd be curious if you got thoughts, but generally Scott, the idea back to our main point here, which is if the VIX breaks down, I mean, Nvidia rallying after its report could easily be a reason for this this VIX line to break, but of the whole universe. What would you like to look for? And by the way, we've got your QR code up here today for your map trading system. So maybe this is kind of when it intersects. If volatility breaks down, if I were to tell you, I know this VIX line's going to break and we're going to have risk on. How would you figure out where you want to go? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, well, you know, if that does break there, that really leaves a lot of upside to the market. It re it really does. You know, 7,000 will be a thing in the past here in the S&amp;Ps if that trend line breaks because, you know, that that kind of goes handinhand with what you're looking at that in that support and the VIX. So, what I'd be looking at and and what this map system is all about that I follow and let and let me just be very specific here, okay, from any guru out there, okay? Anybody that's been trading as long as I have for 35 years, okay, there is no holy grail, right? There is no perfect system out there, okay? It **[1:04:12]** no perfect system out there, okay? It just it doesn't exist. So, what you need to do is put probabilities in your favor. You need to put the math in your favor. you need to put the technicals in your favor. So that's what the map system is all about. And I break it down in really into three steps. Analysis, looking at trend lines, B or or the second part of it is what is the market anticipating. How do we figure that out? The option market tells us what the expected moves are based on where volatility is, you know, is at at any one time. And then the P part is is placing the trade based on you know what we've analyzed and and you know too many people even even too many gurus want to get so fancy with the type of setups out there when that really when you're trading options less can be a lot more. When I talk about less simple call spreads simple put spread sure there's any number of ways you can skin a cat you know trading options less is more. So, um, if we break that, Oliver, we're we're we're going to see a rip higher. We're going to see a big rip higher. Mark, Mark, &gt;&gt; leaving 7,000 behind would be a pretty big deal. big deal. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; I'd love to see 7,000 as I'd love to see 7,000 as the new support rather than the resistance. resistance. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Old resistance to new support would be the best bull setup &gt;&gt; you could ask for here. Scott, a sector I know you're looking at, we'll end on one other specifically, the banks. Um, banks had a really interesting past couple months. They ended 2025 with a bang in a good way and they started 2026 with a big reversal and today coming right back to test an important line on my chart of the XLF. &gt;&gt; Tell me what you see. &gt;&gt; It doesn't lie, right? It test it tested that it bounced from there. Is it going to continue? I think the banks look great. you know, maybe they got overextended going into the earnings, but you know, JP, Goldman Sachs, especially the big ones, they they had really really solid earnings. They had **[1:06:14]** really really solid earnings. They had really good guidance. In fact, I think some of the rally today in JP specific is that their investment banking side of things are are it's gang busters. So, I I think the banks got hit way too much. I can't say we're going to continue this rally on a on a daily basis here over the next several weeks or so, but that is certainly a sector that I want to be long over the next 3 6 months. &gt;&gt; Okay, nice. JP Morgan finding some support. Looks like XLF trying to reclaim lost ground. The map system for Mr. Scott Bower, Prosper Trading Academy. Jay Soloff was telling me you were a beast in the Amazon pits. Like we talked about day one of the show, Scott said you were the man. &gt;&gt; That's right. Uh yeah, Jay Jay witnessed a lot of things. He was our first man. He you witnessed a lot of things. &gt;&gt; All right, say no more. That's our cue. See you, Scott. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Have a good one. &gt;&gt; Great way to close our show. It's Scott Bower, Prosper Trading Academy. All right, we're out of here. Good luck on Avia. We'll be watching it like a hawk. I will see you tomorrow, 2 pm central time, of course, here from Chicago. Have a great night. a great night. [music]
