---
title: "CFOF LIVE from MoneyShow Vegas as Tech Firms Up"
channel: "SpotGamma"
channel_slug: spotgamma
video_id: SY9CKh-no8s
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY9CKh-no8s
upload_date: 2026-02-25
duration: "28:13"
description: "Chicago: Future of Finance is on the move! Nancy Tengler, Sam Ro, Jay Soloff, Dan Sauer join Oliver Renick live from the MoneyShow at Paris Hotel in Las Vegas"
view_count: 217
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-09
---

# CFOF LIVE from MoneyShow Vegas as Tech Firms Up

**Channel:** SpotGamma
**Date:** 2026-02-25
**Duration:** 28:13
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY9CKh-no8s

---

## Transcript

**[0:44]** right, give this two minutes for people to get back in here. Yeah, where we're we got to 760 viewers in about 35 minutes. &gt;&gt; Catches the way the live viewership works as it it goes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. you know. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; Y what you're saying so many Yeah, they're like **[3:16]** right, we are back. We are in Vegas. Sam Row is giving us too bearish of a take on AI and the hyperscaler sent Dan Ives to rip our power out. So, we're back. Uh, all right. So, Sam, keep going. um give us kind of the the main takeaway that'll tease people to go and and finish the thought. finish the thought. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, in a nutshell and and I've written about this and I'm happy to share it with the viewers. &gt;&gt; You gave the million-dollar idea in the break and everybody missed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And and that and I'm never going to repeat it again and I think I'm glad for the people who who hung on. But, you know, long story short, all this, you know, AI capex that we've been talking about, $600 billion of investments and increasing is going to eventually start showing up on the earnings announcements of these companies. Um, yes, they'll talk about about cash flow and raising debt and all this stuff. Um, but it's going to really start to become a headwind to profit margins in the next couple of quarters or the next maybe three to five years. you're going to really see that stuff ramp up and show up as a depreciation expense. And unless you know uh companies change something about their cost structure or um their revenue growth expectations you know really take off um this becomes a really big headwind for the hyperscalers. &gt;&gt; So how do they manage it? Is it just saying look you know this is going to depreciate over time and this is going to pay us back ultimately it's worth it. How will they communicate that on a quarterly basis to try and shore up maybe some of the pressure from the equity holder side? equity holder side? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean that's a great question. I mean everything right now is about the the growth, the opportunity. Um, you know, how do you communicate that story? Do they even want to talk about stuff like, you know, how much this is going to cost to the customers, right? Because if we know anything about uh new technology, new apps, new services, you know, they usually come out uh and they're introduced at a cost that's, you know, very manageable. Yeah. People start subscribing to the stuff, you know, whether it's your Netflix subscription or uh you know, use of the Uber app or things that businesses are implementing into their cost structures. **[5:17]** implementing into their cost structures. It always starts off kind of cheap and then next thing you know, once you're hooked, um you know, these companies start raising the prices for it. So I think that's something that becomes a little bit more clear. Um I don't know if it's in the near term but um you know if they're not able to uh maintain you know earnings growth then it's not crazy to think that they start charging a whole lot more to their their customers and their clients. and their clients. &gt;&gt; Okay. And that's how they make it up on maybe the back end. I do wonder if between now and then, you know, as as Nancy was talking about with the kind of competition between the different AI products, if uh this will also create a new tier kind of within the mags again of who's doing this, you know, the best, who has the best service, who can charge the most. the most. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I mean, you know, if we're going to learn anything from, you know, historically when you have these big gamechanging technologies and this paradigm shifts and how we do these things, whether it's the, you know, the the rise of the internet or the railroad, you have all these companies coming out, seeing what the opportunity looks like. They invest a ton of money. you have dozens maybe hundreds of players come out and then a couple end up you know rising to the top and uh the next thing you know um we're only talking about Google search and we're not talking about uh Ask Jeans and Alta Vista and LOS and a lot of these things that people don't even remember exactly &gt;&gt; but at the time at the time these were the hottest companies on the planet and they were leading the whole market higher and you could say the same thing about railroad companies you know 150 years ago years ago &gt;&gt; if You want to talk about market the name of the game. &gt;&gt; That's the name of the game. That's the name of the game because there's something exciting. You got to put money into it. And you know, you have hundreds of railroaders, you know, 150 years and you know what, we can we have like four now, right? now, right? &gt;&gt; Um you have thousands of automobile companies in the early 1900s and you know that's been consolidated to three big players. By the way, um I don't want to stretch this analogy too much, but the only time we had any degree of um **[7:19]** the only time we had any degree of um concentration that we had in the last year was like kind of nifty50 days. Um at least for what the research I saw was and I think a lot of those companies too, now to your point, there's only kind of a few that um maybe are making a difference here today. difference here today. &gt;&gt; Sure. I mean, you know, another thing that's really difficult to, you know, forecast, especially when you're a long-term investor is how many times is a company going to change their business model um as the world changes. Yeah. Like, you know, we just spent all this time talking about, you know, if you turn on if you follow the news at all in the last, you know, 48 hours, every we're all we're doing is talking about IBM and Cobalt and, you know, all this stuff that, you know, some people understand. But did you know at one point they used to sell computers to to cameras. But but that's that's what's so tricky about all this stuff because it's possible that a company that you didn't think would be huge. Um it might have been that the case that they were doing something you know completely different you know not long ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you know, it's it's hard to tell, but you know, to your point, you know, um uh you know, things things can change very dramatically and the the players that were once market leaders, you know, can become lagards, but someone else will rise up and, you know, take that mantle of &gt;&gt; for sure the active management of of capitalism of the S&amp;P 500 &gt;&gt; and then the whole market goes higher. Um the uh the last point here on the depreciation side which is the chart that um we're we're seeing these numbers that are going to go up. Is it clear does how will this correlate to I guess earnings expectations. Do we have any kind of clarity for the big companies on maybe what that oneear trajectory looks like or what the I know you you you keep in touch with the strategist on Wall Street to kind of try and model these things. Yeah. things. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is there a clear consensus on the direction? Is it up and to the right? The only thing that's becoming increasingly clear is that the um expense line items are going to start to to really uh suffer. You know, you know, it might be a year or two or three years down the road, but increasingly that's **[9:19]** down the road, but increasingly that's going to start um eating into profit margins. Not right now. you know, all these companies are going to continue to tell you about how their margins are high and whatever, but you know, they're still benefiting from um you know, what might be a a foregone era. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there is um a carnage in markets that, you know, resembles evolution. That's pretty much what we're describing here, I think. So, you got to bear witness to it. &gt;&gt; Creative destruction is not a new phrase. phrase. &gt;&gt; 100%. Sam, great stuff. Great to catch up. Good to see you here in Vegas. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; we could keep riffing and we got a whole We're gonna do like a uh poker and markets analysis, too. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; As you get ready for the uh money show poker game, we're going to take a short break. I got Jay Solaf going to talk some options and some income strategies with me with some ETFs. We're going to try and get Jeff Hersh on as well from Stock Traders Almanac who's around here somewhere. Uh because it's I believe midterm is like we're supposed to be in a negative part of the year anyway. We'll be right back. We're still cooking here. Thankfully, we're not cooking the camera off anymore, but Sam Rose is cooking with us from TKer. Thanks a lot again, Sam. Appreciate it. Be right back. **[11:25]** With increased volatility, investors are bracing for large market moves both up and down. Will the market rebound 30%. Or will we see a 30% drop? At the end of the day, uncertainty remains a constant. Innovators floor ETFs are designed for volatile markets. They aim to position portfolios for market moves regardless of direction or magnitude. They are intended as a core equity solution, providing exposure to US equities with built-in downside protection, seeking to deliver more than 70% of the upside and targeting a max loss of 8 to 12% annually. With specified levels of sought-after protection and upside participation, we believe the floor ETFs offer an evergreen strategy designed to allow investors to remain invested regardless of the market's direction. There are two things about Chicago Finance you can't get anywhere else. The first is kind of hard to miss. Everyone's trading options. SIBO is on a 5-year growth streak making billions. And its goddess of grain sits at top the final pit of open outcry. And that's what it's all about. The chance to fend for yourself. a fortress for the self-made trader and the only still standing in America. The second thing you may not know, but it's worth trillions. Chicago is the only major city in America that's home to two of the top 10 registered investment advisers, according to Barren. That means a steady river of passive money and fixed income pouring into the city. into the city. If you think you can beat the market, this is where you do it. If you've got value, Price will discover you here in Chicago, the future of finance. Join me, Oliver Renick, from SIBO. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday into the closing bell live from Chicago. **[13:45]** Welcome back to Chicago Future of Finance. We are here in Las Vegas for the money show. Let's check on markets real quick, which have been generally pretty solid today. You got bonds coming off a little bit. Bitcoin still down about threequarters of a percent. Stocks though are looking just fine. Actually been in pretty decent shape. S&amp;P 500 shrugging off the weakness in coins. Here's BTC right now down 31% over the last 52 weeks and today just struggling to hold on to the mid60,000 range and has been a little rough in crypto land though still holding the line at 60,000. The other thing that I've been watching pretty closely of course are the semiconductors SMH which is up one and a half% today. Again, the whole reason why the yellow light on my risk radar has stayed for stocks versus the actual red light for crypto is because equities have been holding on in a range that has been well reflected in the semiconductors. Got the red light on Bitcoin, the yellow light on gold. If you look at bonds and the dollar, we haven't gotten a lot of answers. Gold though is holding on pretty well, down about a percent today, but after climbing over the last four days, gold seems like it's in decent shape. The other thing people have been watching of course is silver SI a little bit weaker than gold. Let's talk about how to generate income, some ETFs and some trading and option strategies with Jay Soloff who is joining me from investors alley. Uh Jay's been a I guess a longtime contact of mine in the markets now as we met uh what year did we meet at the TDM trade conference Jay? That was was &gt;&gt; or 19. It was pre-COVID. &gt;&gt; Precoid. Yeah. Um and uh that was kind of TDI trade network when we had started. I was kind of like in the throws of my options learning and trading days and uh it's good to to catch up and come full circle here in Vegas Vegas &gt;&gt; like seven years later. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. &gt;&gt; Coming. &gt;&gt; Coming. &gt;&gt; Uh tell me about uh firstly kind of what you are looking for on a daily basis. **[15:46]** you are looking for on a daily basis. Your options experience. You used to trade in the pit in Chicago. &gt;&gt; Um tech stuff. you've been with investors ally who are you know looking for trading opportunities looking for for what what catches your eye mostly. Yeah, it's, you know, and it's interesting because options can be used in so many ways, but as a former floor trader, I'm always thinking volatility first, right? I mean, that's, &gt;&gt; you know, as a market maker, you don't you don't care about generally speaking, you don't care what trade, what signs coming in, call, put, right? You're you're trying to trade your delta hedging how you're trying to trade the volatility. So, I spent my whole career looking at stuff through the lens of volatility. And then later on when I was trying to figure out, you know, what to do when I grew up uh and uh got into the financial publishing, you know, newsletter trading service business, um I thought the thing that would be interesting would be able to take that floor experience about volatility and kind of teach people who, you know, been brought into options through various various ways and a lot of times maybe not so successful because yeah, &gt;&gt; it's almost more like lottery tickets and things like that. I'm like I'm like &gt;&gt; there's you know you got to trade with how you're comfortable but let me try to help you help you &gt;&gt; at least learn a little bit of the fundamentals like that I had volatility is an asset class and as a you know I I we're going to talk later today uh me and Matt Fox spot gamma we're going to talk about the if volatility is an asset class and my kind of baseline that I tell people is insurance think about it as insurance firstly you know like the floorbo ultimately what's going on down there it's a lot insurance salesmen and and buyers because there's a lot of buyers of insurance. buyers of insurance. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; For a market that's gone up as big as it has, it makes sense for them to just hedge what they own. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But of course, the price of insurance changes very quickly if the environment changes and that's when you can use them to start speculating. But that's kind of a, you know, a different category. Now, people obviously love to take advantage **[17:48]** people obviously love to take advantage of that convexity of options and of course we spend a lot of time talking about that on the show as well. Uh but the baseline I feel like people should think about is insurance basically and use it as kind of a tool and then if you start to understand it okay maybe then you start to whip it around and wield it a bit more like a weapon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Completely agree. Um and and obviously there's a perfectly legit case to just buy options and protect yourself. Uh even that it's like &gt;&gt; do I want to buy the most expensive out option out there or do I want to try to hedge myself in a way that's maybe a little bit more parsimmonious? Maybe, you know, do I want to do it as a spread and not spend as much money and maybe not have as much, &gt;&gt; you know, downside protection? &gt;&gt; Uh talking the other night about ratio spreads. I mean, it's it's not the easiest thing to do and you, you know, maybe need more advanced knowledge, but you're probably talking about a lot of tail fund type companies that are, hey, that their job is protected case black swan, etc. happens. How are they doing that without leaning a ton of money? Well, they're probably selling some options and they're buying poor options further out. and just things like that how I think it can really help people visualize how it works even though they may not grasp it right away and you don't have to necessarily put it in terms of gamma convexity data right it's all about well how much money am I spending to protect myself so that's where I would ask from uh the kind of veteran options trading standpoint is what are your general thoughts like when you talk about uh with clients with people who are thinking about how to use options in their strategy there's a lot of now ETFs that have simplified versions of these strategies. You can just buy them and you hold them like a piece of equity of course, but they're trading options on your behalf. The a very popular version of this in terms of the insurance and protection of course is the buffer fund. Yes. Uh is one example. Um but um for you know there's there's other ones too. There's you know there are a lot of different approaches **[19:48]** there are a lot of different approaches now that are being packaged into uh simplified trading strategies. simplified trading strategies. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. uh the big you know most recently structured products or something that has traditionally never been available for retail. I mean you needed what a million dollars to put together a structured product. Yeah. And you know and now &gt;&gt; uh some uh simplify innovator uh public amplify I think they have these uh like autocolable funks that are doing this for you. Yeah. and you're just buying the ETF and they're doing all you know and and you're basically getting the same exposure as what you high net wealth institutional investors might have been getting with with auto callables and in other words you know it's some maybe worst of basket where as long as one of spy doesn't go below 30% then you're going to get paid your &gt;&gt; 15% coupon or whatever annually and then &gt;&gt; if it does go there as long as it doesn't stay there when it expires in a year or whatever then you still get paid. So, it's actually &gt;&gt; a place where I'll also plug the sponsor of the show, Innovator with that with with a dual direction buffer. You actually will get paid out the the best payout scenario relative to the markets if it goes down. &gt;&gt; You know, like you can kind of a lot of different forms of this, right? They're all kind of different parts of the elephant a little bit, but at the same time, I you know, I do think that's viable for people who want to do it at large scale. you know, advisors on behalf of a lot of different clients, whereas I feel like the individual person, there probably is still some edge to be gained if you're going to trade options to learn how to do it and do it very specifically tailored to your portfolio. Like I think a lot of the ETFs generally are more kind of for scale for the advisor world and some of them are almost purely speculative. &gt;&gt; Oh, that too of course. Yeah. single stock uh fund cover call funds on on Bitcoin or you know MSTR or something like that right and and there's some allure because you're seeing like 120% **[21:49]** allure because you're seeing like 120% distributions and of course you know what what I do you know again at Sally is we're trying to teach people like hey 120% does not mean you're making 120%. Yeah, Yeah, &gt;&gt; right. You know what percent of that is your return of capital? What's going on the underllayment? So, you know, so we spend a lot of time on the education front and that's front and that's &gt;&gt; like again with ETFs like uh they show what they're doing but a lot of people I mean who's going to read perspect you know I will of course you know let's you've got a few funds that you're watching. I'm going to pull them up as we talk about them because uh they do hit into the uh metals and the commodity category which I think is a good place to kind of uh conclude the show for the day because we haven't talked about metals too much. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um obviously a lot of people have been watching GLD um which down today. You've been watching GLD Y this is from Defiance. Um but this kind of does go into the discussion about you know adding on what options strategies income driven kind of uh it's not really like a hedge is it a how do you describe it goty uh they're selling put they're selling put spreads so okay &gt;&gt; uh you know it's nice because &gt;&gt; have the put spread so you have that bottom again if gold does end up fall off a cliff for some reason you know your losses are going to be limited but uh with the volatility you think about gold that's been interesting. It's not like equities where volatility tends to go up but equities go down go down. With gold it's the opposite, right? You look at GBZ and the Olympics for gold, right? &gt;&gt; When that thing flies, gold is going higher. Yeah. And so with gold going higher, you know, selling even though you're you're selling puts, even though it's it's moving the other direction, you're still getting higher volatility. So you're able to capture some pretty good income off or you know cash flow from those. that's going to be mostly profit not return to capital. So all the metals been really good about that just because well they keep going up &gt;&gt; and the volatility too right uh which is **[23:50]** &gt;&gt; and the volatility too right uh which is also very interesting because I do feel that the kind of risk profile &gt;&gt; of gold has changed dramatically yes &gt;&gt; like when your volatility you realize volatility is where it's been even if it's to the upside &gt;&gt; everybody's happy. &gt;&gt; everybody's happy. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um but then you look at like silver and okay obviously it can happen to the downside. So that becomes a very different product. different product. &gt;&gt; Yes. Um, by the way, uh, SLVO and KSLV and KSLV are the, uh, silver trades you've been looking at, which are income related to silver, right? silver, right? &gt;&gt; The income has spit from those, you know, the cash flow from just because the volatility has been through the roof. And again, you have exposure to the underlying. So sure, when the underlying drops 30%, you can't expect the SLVs and KSLVs of the world to to also not drop, but at least, you know, you're pulling in you're pulling in &gt;&gt; a bit on the income side to help. I mean, it's not going to it's not going to make up for a 30% drop, but it might make up for, you know, 3 to 5% of that, which is still better than if just holding SLV on its own. Yeah. And then when of course when it's going up, uh, &gt;&gt; these funds, if they do it right, they're going to be selling out of the money and they're going to be rolling them. So you can capture a lot of the upside and also with the income and ideal when it's trending that works really well because time right if it's choppy back and forth you may not be able to do that but with the way silver was before it dropped I mean &gt;&gt; it's kind of I would say this is almost a way if people have been in a silver or gold trade and they're trying to figure out what to do with it. It's kind of, you know, obviously you're going to take a tax hit if you're going to sell out of something, but if you don't want to be totally out of the precious metal position, it's kind of a way to have your foot in, but still, you know, have the income on top of it so that you have a little bit of a ballast, you know, have a little bit of a a sale in the in the storm. Yeah. the storm. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is kind of an alternative to it. But I know I guess you could also because it's not you're not going to get the bang for the speculation if it does if silver does rip obviously. does rip obviously. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; So, it's got, you know, it's different approach. But, you know, one thing I always tell people when you look at these these income products is, yeah, if if it's something that's going straight **[25:51]** if it's something that's going straight up, buy the product, buy a call, do something like that. But also keep in mind that people, including myself, and I've been doing this for whatever couple decades, right? I can't time the market. I'm terrible at it. At least with income, you're kind of forced to take some off the table and you're not make that decision, right? Exactly. So, and then you can, hey, you still think it's going up, you can reinvest it, right? If not, you can just pay your utility bills or uh pay off DNA so he doesn't turn off the power. the power. &gt;&gt; There we go. Great stuff, Jay. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Good eyes. We're gonna talk in Chicago. Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; You're going to be in town. &gt;&gt; I am. &gt;&gt; I am. &gt;&gt; Good stuff. We'll see you at the Cibo floor. All right. Um we're we're cooking. We're an hour in. We got events to get going to at the Money Show here in Vegas. Thanks for tuning in. Appreciate it for part two of the Money Show. I'm Oliver Mic. Thanks for watching Chicago Future Finance. Thanks to Joe Soloff, Nancy Tangler, and Sam Row for joining me. I'll be back in Chicago tomorrow at 2 PM Central time. Have a great night. I'm gonna go and probably play a little poker at the Encore after the Money Show event, of course. See you.
