---
title: "The EVERYTHING (EXCEPT SPX) APOCALYPSE"
channel: "Join SpotGamma Founder, Brent Kochuba, live to discuss the carnage in Software & AI "endangered" stocks."
channel_slug: spotgamma
video_id: _sTy_2iEUn8
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sTy_2iEUn8
upload_date: 2026-02-24
duration: "32:47"
description: "https://spotgamma.com/flowpatrol/"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The EVERYTHING (EXCEPT SPX) APOCALYPSE

**Channel:** Join SpotGamma Founder, Brent Kochuba, live to discuss the carnage in Software & AI "endangered" stocks.
**Date:** 2026-02-24
**Duration:** 32:47
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sTy_2iEUn8

---

## Transcript

**[0:02]** All right, little impromptu live session today, Tuesday, February 24th at 2:15 p.m. And I want to talk about the software apocalypse software apocalypse and uh and the fervor generated by a single article yesterday. And I just wanted to see uh in the options data if there was actually any apocalyptic behavior. Not that great at saying that word. Uh and I'm going to watch a little chat here. I know it's impromptu, so maybe nobody use this right away. We're going to go through a couple things to see what the state of the market is because yesterday the vibe was that the whole world was falling apart. Satrini article just I mean the virality of that uh thing was really pretty wild and didn't really sync up with market action all that much. Some certain names were pretty beat up. And what I think is about that interesting about that is the fact that the fact that the um um price action seem to scream day trading momentum this and that as opposed to saying biggest funds in the world are not dumping anything related to that could ever be upset by AI. And I don't really have feelings about the article myself is except to say that people are pretty adaptive. And uh so you can forecast a bleak future but the reality is that we're all going to figure out a way to make a living, right? we're going to find some service that's interesting. Maybe it means we all just got to go back to seeing each other and paying to hang out together or something. I don't really know. But the idea that we all just sort of lay down and die because of Claude or whatever is is an interesting one. Anyways, uh my nose aside, let's take a look at a couple of things that we're seeing here and so we can break into this. The reason I went with a live video here rather than a uh article that I was writing or something is I just want to show a bunch of tools in action. And I just think it's easier to go through this. And so I'm starting off with the founders note today. Follow us. So uh founders note, we write this every single morning. Spot subscribers get to see this. We always talk about S&amp;P resistance. And the reason I want to start with this is because it matters because if you look at the way that the market has been trading, we talked about this last week. Uh Goldman touched on it **[2:03]** this last week. Uh Goldman touched on it too that the S&amp;P range has been the same range since th uh since Thanksgiving, excuse me. And so if I scroll down a little bit farther, I'm going to cheat here. Look at this range, right? This is December FOMC. You can go all the way back to actual Thanksgiving and see we went over 6000 at at Thanksgiving and it's been this exact range. So when you look at this, you know, you could can you point to me where this, you know, analyst wrote a private analyst wrote wrote a wrote about the death of of every white collar job, whatever it is. I mean, some of the things come out crazy. You can't see it on this chart in the S&amp;P chart right now. Article has a lot of great points. He's he's he's a clearly a very brilliant individual. So now I'm not at any I'm not throwing shade at anything that's in that. I'm just simply saying the market was freaking out about this thing. And if you look at the S&amp;P, it didn't do anything. And what's the S&amp;P doing right now? Guess what? It's right back here to 6,900. So okay, so from a high level fund, uh, and what are the dynamics there? Positive gamma continues to form at 6,900 to 7,000. What does that mean? Every time we get in this area, people come in, they start selling calls, and they sell more calls and they sell more calls. S&amp;P drops, okay? Okay. And then we bounce back up and the same thing happens. It's just rinse and repeat. So, we've not been able to break that level. Nvidia earnings tomorrow as well as some of the software earnings are coming up. And I think that's important, which is why I was like, let me just do a little video here and just see what's up. Uh, Jesus Beltran, I love you too, man. Um, okay. I put this quote in cuz I thought this was also hilarious. The the notes on the Catrini attention, which he's a private individual doing analysis, so it's not all that unlike us. I mean, clearly I've never had anything anywhere near that uh get that kind of attention. So, I'm not pretending I know what that's like. But the idea that it sort of annoyed the banks a little bit was pretty funny. And I thought that this was kind of hilarious and true. This is a quote from apparently this guy micro work at Jones Trading and it said, "It's remarkable action. I haven't seen this market uh this market exhibit incredible resilience in the face of actual negative news. Now, a literal work of **[4:03]** negative news. Now, a literal work of fiction sends it into a tail spin." I mean, that's hilarious. And then I saved this article too because this guy from uh from Goldman says uh whether you agree with the rationale behind today's latest blog blog post or not. I think there's a 100,000 words in that article. Again, I didn't look at it myself. I was like everyone's reading it. I don't want to read it. Um but so that's funny. It it is clearly like there's a little bit of a of a poke there. And u and then the idea is that it is getting attention and opening up all these new ideas. So, all right, Brent, get to your point, right? Um, I'm going to come down to a couple of different things. I'm going to start with a with a more of a basic uh interpretation of things. So, this nice chart here, what we did is we just took options volume. Um, nothing fancy, just options volume, not our spot gamma open interest stuff or weighted by this or that other thing. Just what was the options volume yesterday versus the last 30 days. Okay, so here's put call volume ratio, put call open interest ratio, put volume versus the last 30 days, call volume versus the last 30 days, and then here's your total volume. We break this down into baskets and I added two unique baskets to this. Again, if you're a spot game founder, excuse me, if you're spot founder, you can have all all you want. Uh if you're a spot game member, you can see this in our founders note today. And if you're not, I'll post a link in the YouTube uh chat so you can see this. Um okay, so there's a software basket. the software basket is tied to IGB, the ETF. Um, and then there's a digital payments bucket. And um, so the digital payments bucket included a bunch of names that were were in the Catrini article or maybe were linked to it or whatever. So like AXP down 7% pretty nasty yesterday. That's included in this bucket as well. So what do you notice about this? Number one, what was the put call volume ratio? Uh, not even one to one for anything in here. Now single stocks tend to not be single stocks tend to trade more calls than puts historically. So positive **[6:04]** than puts historically. So positive ratios or or ratios under one I should say no matter but consumer defensive clearly bare you know bearish in that more puts traded than calls. Uh but digital payments you know very low in terms of these ratios right uh and the same thing in the software sector where you know the the scale is based on the other sectors here. It wasn't even the most bearish sector in terms of put call services uh ratios. Financial services okay a little bit more but again the the point here overall is that from a volume perspective we didn't have one to one put call much less higher than that. And then the second one is from an open interest perspective we don't have two to one puts or or even one to one puts right now. So why that's interesting to me is because if you day trade stocks you can push a stock around right you're in you're out. No one really knows what your intentions are, right? But when you trade an option, when you decide, I'm going to buy this contract that expires tomorrow, next week, six months from now, be it a call or a put, or you buy or sell that call or put, you're putting a stake in the ground, right? You're saying, I believe in this position. This is what I'm doing. Now, you can be hedging and d on its face value, that's what you're doing, right? You're opening a contract. You're there. You're not, let's day trade the Catrini blog, uh, whatever it may be. So the options positions, there's a lot of information and I think it matters and that's core to the point of this whole thing is that if I was to show you this chart and and and said hey what do you think happened in these sectors yesterday you wouldn't have seen I would think I would argue nothing in the digital payment space. If anything what was interesting is call volume seemed more elevated in the last 30 days. This was 1.2x is overall volume 2% of the overall volume of this entire sort of page here which is 500 symbols. you had have at least 55,000 options going to be on this page. So, okay, actually looked like digital payments trade a lot of calls. Now, were those short calls or long calls? We have a tool called Flow Patrol. We're going to break that down for you in a second. But on its face, you know, if you see giant put volume trading somewhere, record put volume, that's usually the sign of a wash out or vice versa, huge call **[8:05]** wash out or vice versa, huge call volume, often times the size of of a spike. You don't get that in the software space. Now, software's already been beat up. Some of these names were down a little bit more yesterday, but I think a lot of this is momentum trade and and and tied to the dispersion. Uh what do I mean by tied to dispersion? One of the trades that's been dominating the talk on FINT is the thing we've been talking about for months is correlation and dispersion, meaning the underlying stocks in the S&amp;P 500 or the NASDAQ have been moving a lot and relative to the index. And that finally became mainstream thin twit stuff. Um, last week Michael Batnik put out a note about the fact that, you know, stocks are moving a lot and S&amp;P isn't. And that got finally got everyone on this idea. Well, what is it when software stocks move a bunch and financial stocks payments move a lot and then the index doesn't do anything? That's just more of the dispersion trade that we've been seeing right now. Was it, you know, you want to blame solely this article or not? Or was that the cause from momentum or not? Uh, you know, you can argue about that back and forth. I would say that claw today announced what 15 new plugins or whatever it is. Software stocks, they're they're all right right now. You can see IG bar here is still up on the day. So, you know, we'll see. Okay. So, all right, Brent. The takeaway from here is put buyers didn't apparently come in despite this blog. despite this blog. That's a signal to me that action that was taking place was people trading stocks for the sake of trading the stock as opposed to having a fundamental view. Let's get up to something a little bit more interesting. This is a little more complicated if you're not used to looking at options flow, but it's pretty easy to understand if you give me a second. Uh here is IV rank. What is IV rank? Options prices are have a volatility associated with them. And so what we do is we rank those IVs or those options prices over the course of the last year. And you say are those options prices high or are they low? Is IV high or low? Same kind of term. The higher IV is generally is happening when stocks are crashing. Typically **[10:05]** are crashing. Typically you can have a stock crash up which generally high implied vault but generally speaking when a stock is crashing you're going to have high implied vault. Why? Because people see the stock crashing they expect a lot more movement in the future. Options prices go up. So why is that significant in the high IV space? Look at the names up here right? Adobe CRM reports tomorrow. Snow Zoom reports tomorrow in two reports in two days. Data dog is pretty elevated. They already reported IGV is a software ETF. For a normal stock going into earnings, you would expect the IV rank to be somewhere around here generally around 30 if it's just a normal day going to report earnings. Cool. Uh so the names that are 50 and above that's telling you the price action is pretty wild, right? And so why does this matter? because this is going to relate to number one the uh the thinking that's happening in in the space right why do options prices get expensive number one is because there's a lot of volatility so if there's a lot of volatility then you would have to adjust the options prices to account for that volatility okay so that's kind of changing relative to the price action the second reason that uh prices and options may go up is because of dealer exposure so let's say that everybody here is buying puts in Adobe market makers are going to be selling those puts and and banks are going to be selling those puts. They don't want to be short puts anymore. What do they do? They raise the price. When you raise the price of those puts, i.e. the IV rank goes up, right? It incentivizes selling. Either people who own the puts want to sell them or people who want to short them. Hey, that's really fat premium. I'm going to come in here. I'm going to sell those. So, if you look back at this here and you go, well, the open interest is not really that put skewed and the volumes aren't exceptional. You can make an argument that this isn't really a positional IV increase as much as just a reflection of the stock volatility. So why does that matter? The IV is getting so rich that I think that it in itself becomes a reason for these stocks to bounce. I've been making this argument and last week it seemed to come come a little bit to fruition. Now obviously we're IGV is a little bit lower than IGV **[12:07]** we're IGV is a little bit lower than IGV was around 8081 when we're talking about this. it it did shift a little bit lower because of of allegedly this blog. But regardless, these IVs are very expensive and it's going to be an interesting trade in a second that we can talk about. What is the other thing here? Puts on the left and calls on the right. What do I mean by that? The more put IV is high relative to calls, the more we are on the left of this chart. So to the point of last week things were shaping up and then they slid lower. The line here on the chart is telling you what happened over the last five days of history. So the line starts on the right side and it moves to the left. Tells you that people were starting to like calls or at least sell some puts, right? The call skew was picking up relative to the put skew and now we sort of slam back to the left over the last five days. That was also through opex and uh VIX expiration and we showed that there was a lot of short puts actually in in tech stocks that that funds had sold a lot of puts. Dealers were longing those puts that did get reset. So what does this mean? We're now back to sort of peak bearishness uh or peak options prices, peak puts in this space. And these names that have very elevated IVs again, I think are interesting trades. No recommendations here, but we're going to look at something I think is interesting. And then you have like an AXP, Figma, uh Uber, you know, anything basically that was adjacent to being, you know, in the article or adjacent seem to definitely, you know, get get beat up here. Um and those implied balls are are are pretty rich. Now, what is the difference between being able to trade V as a as a as the uh trading V versus price, right? You may say, "Hey, Brent, CRM is going to report the worst earnings in the world tomorrow. It's going down, right?" And that may be true, but the implied volatility can also come down. Why? Because earnings came out, stocks already down. We'll look at, I don't know, 30% a month plus. They're going to come out and say, "Uh, we got to figure out what to do with AI. Everyone hates the stock." Fine. But now, now we're out, right? The earnings are out. The news is out. there's no more surprises that are imminent and so the expected move can come in, the **[14:08]** the expected move can come in, the volatility can come in, right? So you could have the options trade on and still make money even if the stock goes down. So that's why the extreme IV is so important is like it's pricing in now 30% let's say continued downside in the next month. So if you don't get that you anything less than that then that ball contracts and then you can make money on your trades, right? So we're going to check out that idea. But again, the take away from this is there's not that much put buying in the space, which is what you you would think there would be put buying if you uh if you thought it was end of days for the software stock space, but options prices are now reflecting in some crazy premiums as it were last week and everybody's super bearish on the sector. If there's one thing I believe is that when everyone's on one side of the train or one side of the bus or one side of the boat, whatever the saying is, boats falling over, trains crashing, etc. So you have to appreciate that one-sided uh view of things. Okay. So things. Okay. So the underlying idea here is that we didn't see this bearishness on finit on Bloomberg on Wall Street about this article translate into actual options trades period. Just didn't didn't seem to happen. So let's do one other thing here. We have this report called flow control. Now, if you go to spotgame.com/flow patrol, you can download this report. You get it for free for 5 days. We email you a link to it. Why is this report important? Because we have proprietary data here at spotam and it shows you where funds are coming in. That's right. Balance and all things. This report shows you where funds came in and bought and sold options. So, you can buy a put, you can sell a put, you can buy or sell a call. Plus, not all volume is done by market maker. Excuse me. Not all volume is done by just hedge funds or retail traders, right? You can have market maker, trade the market maker, bank trade the market maker, etc. So, when you see people on Twitter saying someone bought a bunch of these calls or someone bought a bunch of these puts, they're making a bunch of assumptions and they **[16:09]** making a bunch of assumptions and they don't really have any idea necessarily what took place. Also, who were the actors? Because that's what matters. inferences or you imply that big hedge fund bought 10,000 you know CRM inputs and so it's going down but what we're able to do here is glean and and get more data and information saying actually here's what the funds did here's what a hedge fund did this is matters because they have a bunch of analysts on the desk and if they think they're going to buy 50,000 CRM puts well they must know something or they must have a much better view or understanding what's going on because how do you parse all this right now right how do you know if CRM can defend itself or not, for example. So, Flow Patrol breaks all this down for you and it gives you the day-over-day change and what we view as buy side positioning. Again, spotg.com/flow Again, spotg.com/flow patrol and you can do this for free for 5 days. What I'm going to do here is I want to scroll through this and I want you to well, you can't stop me, but we'll stop when we see something related to digital payments, uh, financials or, uh, uh, software stocks, anything like that, right? right? Uh this is an AI written report. So uh what do we do here with AI spot in? We'll use it to add something extra as opposed to take some stuff away, right? So I still manually write my report. Maybe people want me to actually in fact uh change my scheme here and use AI to write everything. But this is put together by AI and it's a big help here, but it's always been an AI thing, right? So we're also very clear about that. We're never going to write something and pass it off as AI. Don't want to give you some slop. Uh but what do you see here? Broad broad market. There's nothing in this open section here that talks about the catrine macro headwinds, right? And uh and it could it has access to that data if it wanted to to note. What it did note was interesting. This DKN, that's a senior debt ETF. I didn't know what that was. So, that was kind of interesting. Uh silver real estate, no big deal, right? Biggest index positions on the day. We're going to roll through that. Biggest single stock positions. Uh corors coreweave. Okay, you could maybe throw that in the Catrini bucket. Uh PayPal, Tesla. So, all right, there's a PayPal trade that was calls bought to **[18:11]** PayPal trade that was calls bought to open BTO7,000. open BTO7,000. PayPal calls for 227 this Friday. Big swinger, right? swinger, right? As we talk about oftentimes with the report, the favorite trades that I like to see are somebody buying something five, six, a year out, five, six months or a year out, putting a couple million bucks down, and that is a position, right? I I believe this is going to go up over the next six months. That is good information. Someone's slinging for Friday. Nah, cares, right? Um, so you can see we break this down in a myriad of ways. I want to flow down to or slow down to gamma. So highest, you know, gamma is reaction to price. Uh, how the option price reacts to price, stock movement. And again, none of the top trades in here are any of those major names that we mentioned. You know, Microsoft and Apple. Uh, so let's go to unusual positions. Let's try that. Um, unusual positions. Do we see anything in here related to the citrine? Uh, there is this trade on Goss. I'm not entirely even sure what Goss is, so let's look that up. Goss bio. That doesn't look like it has anything at all to do with excuse me. Uh, excuse me. Uh, okay. okay. Um, Chewy FND Lucid SLS Abbott take two maybe. Uh, but even this is a a 1,700 lot of the stock. That's 200 lot. So you're talking not even a million dollars of premium. So where are all the apocalyptic positions? They're they're just not there. They're not there. One other thing, other thing, uh we were talking about the idea that a lot of options flows is let's just call it day trading right now. It can be day trading because it's retail guys. It can be day trading because it is an algo from a quantitative hedge fund and they're buying single stock options and they're selling index options or they're buying single stock options and they're hedging with whatever they may be doing. Right? So, what we do here is we break this down because a lot of people say, "Hey, Brent, why didn't the **[20:12]** "Hey, Brent, why didn't the all the trades that took place in some stock yesterday show up on the flow control report? You're missing stuff." And my argument is that to the point before, a lot of the stuff that trades isn't like a hedge fund or a retail guy buying or selling it. they're market makers trading with banks or whatever. And sometimes I don't also don't care if someone's day trading. If you're going to day trade the crap out of this stock, then I don't I don't that's not meaningful forward information, right? It was interesting for the day, but once the day is over, like, okay. So, what why does this matter? Look at a stock like this. Johnson and Johnson traded 462,000 options yesterday. our open interest, our proprietary open interest only traded changed by 11,000 contracts in total open interest dropped by 800,000 contracts. So this gives us this flow ratio number. The higher the flow ratio number is the more BS is in the stock. So when you scroll down this you go Pelon AI related name I don't know but it traded 50,000 only about a little less than 10% of that changed to actual material open interest. uh you know into is a name you know whispered along with this uh problem that has earnings coming up. So you look here and say okay 10% roughly uh not even change in open interest here's owl you know you can make an argument that this is related to the software stuff. So okay about again 10% or not even quite uh change in open interest. So it's a decent amount of open interest changing there maybe uh you know that's not a high premium stock so it's not like that's a $10 million order. So again, everything you look at through all this options data is telling us that this software thing didn't move. Now, do you want to make the argument that that led to people just selling their shares? So like, hey, huge fund ABC just said, screw it. I'm out of this whole thing. Like, just dump my shares yesterday, maybe. Uh, but they're definitely not expressing downside through put options for sure. And we're quite frankly not seeing much on the call side either. The only small light in terms of the call side was the uh the ratio like the call ratio being slightly above 1 to1. Hard to really grasp at that. So, okay. So, what have **[22:13]** grasp at that. So, okay. So, what have we covered here? Number one, options volume just doesn't care about the software stuff either. There's not any call buying in there, but there's also not any uh any particular put activity that can change. So, let's get to Los Alpha. Alpha. Uh this is IGV as a whole and uh you know this thing everybody knows this story already but but obviously this is just getting crane 34% from the high uh 26% just over roughly the last month and then you know the Catrini dropped at another you know four or five% I would say uh kind of at least and then you know something like an AXP uh it too really got whacked pretty good. There's no follow-through bounce on this right. So, if the if the article sparked something that was purely BS, then you would expect more of a bounce. But right now, that's, you know, not necessarily falling through. So, I want to talk about uh CRM and the trade idea that I see coming up here um because I think uh these types of trades are pretty interesting. Now, before we get into that, if you go to spotgama.com, actually, we can just do this together. You can look at this through the uh you can look at this through our free tools or spotam you have your dashboard. You go to free tools and then you go to implied earnings chart. You get a pretty cool chart here. And the reason I like this earnings earnings chart is you can open and close it. But we use the nearest options price. So Friday expiration for most of these things. And you see what the implied move is. So for CRM the implied move is 8%. Again they report on 225 uh today. Couple names here trading. Not sure if anyone necessarily cares about those. We also have Zoom. And then we have into uh coreweave reporting as well. So you can go through all these but I'm going to talk about CRM. Even though Nvidia reports tomorrow, I almost make the argument CRM might be more interesting. Uh so 8% implied move for CRM. So what does that mean? Uh let's take a look at this real quick and just see what 8% implied move looks like because this will be interesting when we talk about levels later. [clears throat] Uh so right now you have CRM uh stock in **[24:15]** Uh so right now you have CRM uh stock in a month down 40%. It's crazy. plus or minus 8% is roughly call it 195 down to 160ish somewhere in that neighborhood. Okay, so we got that down 195 to 160. Now, why does that matter? Because this is the cool thing I think to talk about here. So, we're going to go into the volatility dashboard. I just want to talk to you about how we look at earnings trades. And um we're going to look at CRM. So, this is the one month skew for CRM. You can see the surface is a little sloppy. It's just not that smooth of a line in here. This teal range that you're seeing is the 90-day implied vault for one month option. So, we're at the top of the overall range. Not terribly surprising in a name like coreweave. Uh if we go back to the scanner just to break this down a little bit. I'm going to put this at quick skew percentile and call skew percentile. Um and so CRM is right here. Why is that important? That put skew at 90% is about as high as it gets. What does that tell you? that the 25 delta put so slightly out of the money put relative to the at the money very elevated right the call skew percentile skew percentile it's it's lower than 50 obviously uh but it's not like a zero so calls are a little bit rich um relative to at the money and puts are quite rich relative to at the money so that matters because overall ID is extremely high but there's a little more put skew so that makes sense right and let's just visualize what that means that makes sense in saying this stuff down here is particularly rich, right? This stuff is rich because overall implied ball is high. In other words, this whole line is up on this chart. But the relationship of the two uh matters. Okay, so earnings are going to come out. Nine times out of 10, what happens to implied vault after earnings? It contracts. Okay, fair enough. So, we go to fixed uh let's go to term structure here. This is the at the money implied vault. Extraordinarily elevated for this name into earnings at 130%. And this is what we call backwardation. Uh because as we go out in time that implied vault comes down. **[26:16]** in time that implied vault comes down. Names that crash, names out of earnings are typically in this state. It means that near-term options have higher implied vault than longer term options. Um normally after an earnings event, you would expect this vault to collapse. So we have this little tool in here called Ford imply. Ford imply looks at two uh expirations and it extrapolates what the implied ball is between those dates. And so what you can look here is you can see what the difference is. I look at Ford implied ball and say this is the target. This is where we think implied ball should go to right after earnings or after the event is over. And what you see there is for the 36 expiration we would expect implied balls to go from 80 down to 45. And if we look out just a little bit further we should see implied balls go from about 60 down to about 48. Okay. So that's interesting for corewave. You can see that's about 20 vault points, let's call, of of decline. Okay, so why does that matter? We're going to take that 20 vault points of decline and then we go to our new thing here. It's called options calculator. It's not new actually. We launched a little while ago. I loaded up this straddle already. Um, so let's display the P&amp;L of the straddle. Now, if you use the current implied balls, I'm getting somewhere with this. Hopefully this is interesting for everybody. and we say all right roughly a week from now 36 today's February 24th so about a week from now um using current options implied vault implied vault this is what you would expect to happen over seven days the stock stays around this area you can see current P&amp;L would be about 400 bucks so the straddle let me just refresh these prices make sure that's right straddle's going for about 24 25 bucks um maybe she's a 185 cuz the stock changed stocks already dropped five bucks since uh we last talked. [snorts] Uh all right, 185 straddle that's better. Uh and you can see here again about 400 bucks, right? If the stock stays here after a week because that implied V is quite high and I'm again I'm using 21 days to expiration uh excuse me one month expiration options. Okay, so what **[28:17]** month expiration options. Okay, so what is the deal with the uh earnings class? Remember I talked about 20 points of implied vault contraction. So if I go to IV settings here and we use current implied vault and we just say let's drop this down by about 20 vault points. vault points. So So now IV goes to the middle of its current range. Right? That might be a little steep. So let's just make it 14. Now remember put skew is a little bit elevated. We can take that down just a touch. And then let's just say bulls get excited again. We just raise that a touch. So we're doing is we're shifting the SKS here. And now what's going to happen is when we price this, we're going to see a different interpretation off of our implied walls of what could happen because remember earnings should remove that implied wall. So how does that change things? Well, now if you look at the P&amp;L, if the stock stays at the money, stays at 185 in the next week, that means you make $1,000 versus $440. So that's a huge difference. So when you adjust the skew and you adjust for the implied ball contraction, the penal gets way better on this trade. But the other interesting thing here is that you go, "Well, Brent, what happens if the stock drops 10% or 20% or goes up 10 or 20%. You short the straddle and yeah, vault comes down, but the price moves so much that basically the the the uh the price movement of the underlying stock washes out any move you made from vault contraction. Well, you can see now because that vault contraction is so big, your break even in theory on the stock instead of going from around 165, maybe a little bit higher, right? uh it's it drops all the way to 160 and then to the upside you have all the way to about 205 right where the P&amp;L forecast to be negative. So that gets you an extra basically $5 on both sides of this equation right for that vault contraction where if the stock stays inside of that range over the next couple of days then you will likely make money in a type of position like this. Now, you shouldn't go into an earnings position unhedged, etc. This is for illustration purposes only. But the point here is the same that implied ball **[30:17]** point here is the same that implied ball is so elevated that even if it has a bad earnings announcement, the implied wall shows that if it contracts, you should still make money as long as the stock is all the way above 160. Now, how big is 160? Well, we were looking at this before. That's about a 10% move in the stock. Again, the implied move is about 8% for the near-term options. These are the longer term options. So, um, if you tighten up a little bit and go a little more forward in terms of the earnings, uh, that band should expand a little bit. And so, I looked at this trade or I had a similar trade on for Apploven, uh, and and the trade worked out pretty well because yes, the stock dropped pretty sharply after earnings, but again, you make a decent amount. So right here is the earnings drop and a similar trade worked because yes the stock drops 20% which is huge and I happen to be in December which is a little bit too far out in my taste but the longer you go the more padding you're going to get and argue arguably um and so that trade ended up working out okay uh and was profitable because the stock uh because the vault contraction proved to be profitable enough to to pad me on that on that underlying move. So um so these are very interesting trades I think for CRM maybe zoom into again anything that you see uh at the top of this uh scanners page is a great spot to start and say okay these names up here are five balls just so over the top rich that we may be able to uh to put on similar types of trades. So hopefully that's interesting and helpful uh and gives a good narrative a good breakdown for uh what's happening. And again if you are interested in the this is free tool you can go there stockgame.com stockgame.com uh free tools implied earnings tools you can hit there and this is there in perpetuitity it's been there for forever and you can get all the latest earnings price earnings implied moves excuse me talking too fast there. And then if we go to spygam.comflow go to spygam.comflow patrol you can sign up here for flow patrol you get this five days free. Put your email in, bam, you get it to your inbox every day. And then you can break **[32:17]** inbox every day. And then you can break down how those options are helping. Um, all right. I've for a solid 30 minutes now. Hope this was helpful. If you found it interesting, let me know. If you didn't find it interesting, let me know and I'll try to get better in the future. Uh, but that is it for me. If you're a Spy Game subscriber, I'll see you for I think Thursday. We have our Q&amp;A. Also have a lot of cool tools coming up. Big update on trades coming in hopefully about a month. Uh, we're getting all that all queued up. Uh, and that'll do it for me. Any questions, info spotam.com or leave comments.
