---
title: "CFOF LIVE from MoneyShow Vegas as Tech Firms Up"
channel: "SpotGamma"
channel_slug: spotgamma
video_id: jf2sjKw_Q8Y
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf2sjKw_Q8Y
upload_date: 2026-02-25
duration: "35:42"
description: "Chicago: Future of Finance is on the move! Nancy Tengler, Sam Ro, Jay Soloff, Dan Sauer join Oliver Renick live from the MoneyShow at Paris Hotel in Las Vegas"
view_count: 283
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-09
---

# CFOF LIVE from MoneyShow Vegas as Tech Firms Up

**Channel:** SpotGamma
**Date:** 2026-02-25
**Duration:** 35:42
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf2sjKw_Q8Y

---

## Transcript

**[8:05]** There we go. I'm Oliver Renick. We are live from the Money Show [music] in Las Vegas. Thanks for tuning in. Chicago is on the move. never turned down an opportunity to come to sunny Nevada where uh things are kind of popping here at the Paris Hotel where the money show is going off. We got sponsors from oil to Bitcoin to AI. We've got some great technical minds. We've got ETF people. We just heard Dan I speak about AI. I got to say I think for my quick spiel about where we're at in the market right now, [music] the overall situation seems to be one that's pretty stable. Stocks [music] have firmed up again today. You see equities that are generally holding on for the ride. The chart for the S&amp;P 500 remains pretty rangebound. The VIX though [music] still trending higher, but we haven't had any major blow up at all. The S&amp;P 500 still sitting in a range, which looks pretty good right now. We're just basically going back [music] and forth between the 200 point levels, roughly 7,000 above, 6,800 below. And the other thing I'd say is this morning, I always like to make a habit of watching cable when I'm on the move in the hotel and the CNBC coverage this morning. I gotta say, love you guys, but the headlines drip with horror. Beware, beware. Beware. I'm not sure what the fear is about. There's a lot of very breathless talk about AI, the disruption, problematic disruption. Maybe it's because crypto is getting pummeled. The chart for BTC obviously is one of the worst out there today. again sluggish even as stocks firm up. And by the way, my luck remains pretty good in Vegas with the coiners. It's the strategy conference in my hotel at the Encore. So, I did try and drop by and say hello to a few of the coiners there to support Michael Sailor Strategy and the struggle that is that stock, which is today still holding on to 120 bucks, but it's been of course a pretty rough ride. Got a very good show coming up here from the Money Show. We're going to be talking with Nancy Tangler. We've got Sam Row, we've got Jeff Hirs, we've got Jay Solaf. I'm getting ready for a presentation this afternoon at 5:45 p.m. **[10:07]** presentation this afternoon at 5:45 p.m. If you're in Vegas, come through. We'll be talking about options, uh, with Matt Fox from Spot Gamma. So, there's a lot of good stuff going on. There's a lot of creativity, I think, in the air right now about how to diversify your portfolio, and a lot of people here have different answers to that. We're going to start by talking about some good oldfashioned stock picking, which strategist has been one of my favorites for a long time, and does run a SIBO listed ETF. So, as the exchange traded profile of the day, perhaps the Vegas version, I'm joined here by Nancy Tangler. Uh, which I think is very fun uh to see you, Nancy, and to have you here because you guys and um you know, I think the traditional stock picker is kind of underappreciated in the world today to some extent. Your fun TGLR had a great year last year. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Tell me about what you guys are doing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so we're uh grow Thank you for that. And you said Nevada correctly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, you do. Okay. &gt;&gt; I I live in Nevada. &gt;&gt; Sometimes my soft A's come out, but &gt;&gt; not Nevada &gt;&gt; not Nevada anyway. Yeah. So, we are growth at a reasonable price sort of uh value investors and that allows us to buy fallen range of growth stocks. And so, the portfolio has dramatically outperformed the Russell 1000 value since inception and then also I have a a longer term track record in this strategy outside of the ETF. But last year we we not only outperformed the Russell, we outperformed the S&amp;P and we're outperforming the S&amp;P again this year. So it's it's taking our investment theme which is old economy companies that have pivoted to the new technologies. Think Walmart. Uh that worked out worked out &gt;&gt; great stock by the way right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it and we've owned it for about 10 years. But um we really doubled down on our holdings when we realized they were investing in technology and now they're a NASDAQ listed company. I mean member of the NASDAQ 100. But &gt;&gt; so tech in kind of unexpected places perhaps. perhaps. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great way of saying it. Deer is another that we added under that theme in old economy. And then we own Broadcom and we own Google and this portfolio. We own Microsoft and a number of the names that are driving the **[12:08]** of the names that are driving the underlying uh AI story. And I think there's some real opportunities right now with names like Microsoft uh to add to to &gt;&gt; Okay, hold that. I want to get to that thought. Hold that thought about the Mag Seven stuff because I've got deer up right now. um through your chart really exploded the last couple weeks. Sam Row who's standing by was just telling me about the kind of shift of productivity and margins that are happening where you've got the big tech companies that are investing. They're spending capex for the first time and a lot of these other businesses that I think we kind of call maybe oldw world businesses to some extent maybe are largely the beneficiaries of some of these you know new technologies where I think almost you know he's going to give a shirt for us that the mentions of AI having a positive impact positive impact &gt;&gt; on their companies is that's dear that's Walmart right? Walmart right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, 100%. And we're seeing it, you know, we sit on all the earnings calls. We're seeing it across industries. So, you've got companies like uh American Express that are improving marketing and fraud detection by over 90% using AI. Wow. And then you've got um supply chain management coming from Rathon, which is or RTX, which is one of the holdings in TGLR. Uh and and that is benefiting. I mean I think they reduced outstand um old inventories by like aged aged inventory sorry by like 50% last year and their improving supply chain uh movement and and rapidity of movement. So that's exciting and we're seeing it in every single sector in healthcare uh in uh the industrial space in particular. Uh and then you know there are some other spillovers like um in bre there's einex which is also a beneficiary. So a beneficiary. So &gt;&gt; the idea of kind of having a um broadened out portfolio is finally is really paying off you know. Yeah. Um, and I guess that can last, you know, um, we've got so used to this hyper concentrated market, but the S&amp;P chart has now gone sideways essentially since November. Yeah. Of last year. **[14:08]** November. Yeah. Of last year. &gt;&gt; Um, and again, you know, uh, your fund in the last year, up 22%. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh, 52 weeks for the S&amp;P 500, &gt;&gt; you're up about 15%. So that kind of stock picking ability should work better in markets that are a little bit less concentrated I would think because the concentrated market is kind of like just ride the index. ride the index. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Basically, right? &gt;&gt; Basically, right? &gt;&gt; And this is a dividend growth strategy. So uh we do I mean we look at the dividend as a proxy for management and the board and what they think about future earnings power. You saw Walmart dramatically accelerate the dividend about two years ago and that's because they were very optimistic about future earnings. Wall Street's wrong twothirds of the time, Oliver. So on earnings um numbers. So we want to hear from the people that matter and that's the people running the company. So we're precluded from owning the no dividend payers. So Google was Google was &gt;&gt; a bit of a drop. You know, I mean it's it's a low yielding stock, but they started paying a dividend and they were, you know, we believe they're going to grow it. So, grow it. So, &gt;&gt; how big is the dividend angle right now when you're talking to uh potential adviserss who want this for their clients or just anybody who is kind of thinking about income? Because I feel like also one fairly consistent theme across all kinds of asset classes, whether it's options, whether it's, you know, Yeah. Um, people want income of some form. I I feel like at this point, &gt;&gt; yeah, so this is this is a dividend growth strategy as opposed to a a high yield strategy. So, the yield is about 1.8 8 1.9% but it's been growing at 12 and a half% almost 13% um sorry almost 13 over the last five years annualized. So that's powerful because it's a great hedge against inflation um even the high inflation we had in in 2020. &gt;&gt; Okay, back to &gt;&gt; back to Microsoft. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh because this is where I do feel you know the kind of rubber meets the road a little bit because the cloud selloff it's been really nasty. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, has brought down uh some **[16:08]** &gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, has brought down uh some some giants and I think Microsoft is the biggest one. biggest one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, like a lot of these cloud companies, the midcap, companies, the midcap, &gt;&gt; Amazon, too. I mean, the chart for Microsoft's just so nasty. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; You want to buy it here at 3 388. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We just don't we just added to it. I I think at the end of the day, Microsoft will be a winner with expanded margins. I mean, they they understand AI better than the old economy companies that were buying. They they will pivot. Satcha Nadella is a pivoter. He will pivot. Um, Copilot's been a kind of a big disappointment and uh I think enterprise users are not adapting adopting it as quickly as they need to be. be. &gt;&gt; I've got it on the computer here and I don't think I've used it once to be honest. I've used AI from everybody else. else. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love Grog. &gt;&gt; Grog. Um Grock is great and entertaining. Um Gemini is fantastic. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Google works really well for me. Um, so when you think about that, um, they're probably going to fix it at some point. I mean, I mean, &gt;&gt; they are &gt;&gt; they are &gt;&gt; think about Amazon. Alexa stunk for a long time. And I used to joke about the show like, you know, last year, maybe two years ago, I was like, why is Alexa still so far behind? And somewhere about like three, four months ago, Alexa started getting pretty good again. &gt;&gt; Well, and remember, we left Google for dead uh a year and a half ago. So, we that's when we added it to the value strategy. We owned it, growth forever, and we're up like 130% the name or more. So I these great they have cash u Microsoft's got 89 billion on the balance sheet in cash and they will make the adjustment. I mean just just as you you argue Amazon did and I think that's why you want to own the industry leaders. Um now we got out of Adobe. Um I was getting all sorts of questions about Tesla's uh Elon Musk's pay package and how egregious it was. Well, the Adobe CEO, uh, stock's down 32% cumulatively over the last five years, and he got paid $220 million. So, you &gt;&gt; That's egregious. Yeah. And by the way, that one felt like the writing was on the wall as soon as AI came out. Anybody that's ever used Photoshop, Premiere, Creative, Sweet, **[18:10]** Creative, Sweet, &gt;&gt; it was like soon as you saw what you can do, it was like that stock's in trouble. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh, and they were. &gt;&gt; And they did not pivot and they did not monitor. And I got run over and so we got out. got out. &gt;&gt; Do you think Microsoft though will make that wake up? that wake up? &gt;&gt; I do. I think they're in process of doing so from what I [clears throat] can tell um in our research. So I think these that's a name and you know it's a dividend grower believe it or not um and so that's a name I think you want to add to down here. to down here. &gt;&gt; Great stuff. TGLR is the fun. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it Nancy. Great to catch up. Yeah, good stock picks and great year for TGLR. We're going to take a short two-minute innovator break. Then I got the great Sam Row from TKer joining us right here in a moment from Vegas. Two minutes. We'll be right back. Heat. With increased volatility, investors are bracing for large market moves, both up and down. Will the market rebound 30% or will we see a 30% drop? At the end of the day, uncertainty remains a constant. Innovators floor ETFs are designed for volatile markets. They aim to position portfolios for market moves regardless of direction or magnitude. They are intended as a core equity solution **[20:11]** intended as a core equity solution providing exposure to US equities with built-in downside protection seeking to deliver more than 70% of the upside and targeting a max loss of 8 to 12% annually with specified levels of sought after protection and upside participation. We believe the floor ETFs offer an evergreen strategy designed to allow investors to remain invested regardless of the market's direction. &gt;&gt; Welcome back to Chicago Future of Finance. I'm Oliver Renick. We are here in Las Vegas. We're going to talk about how stocks usually go up, but sometimes it gets a little complicated. Lately, they've been going very sideways. I'm joined by Sam Row, author of TKER.co. tker.co here with me in Vegas getting ready for a speech and I think the context for this Sam that's pretty good is uh I'm going to pull up the chart of the S&amp;P 500 which is basically going uh going sideways. It's been stuck. Um but you obviously and TK have written a good bit about you know how things usually for the equity market are pretty reliable to go up. I feel like um you know I've come more and more to appreciate your kind of theme of your newsletter as well uh over the last kind of maybe four or five years because the concentrated market was sort of a testament to why you generally just kind of park your money in stocks. in stocks. &gt;&gt; Great to see you man. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having me. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Uh tell me firstly kind of so far this year what's your read on this kind of grind that we've gotten what Nancy and I were just talking about which is I think people are worried that we're going to lose the generals we've lost a lot of other sectors cloud mostly **[22:13]** lost a lot of other sectors cloud mostly crypto's getting obliterated you know and the mags are just kind of like holding on for the ride. Yeah, I mean it's possible. Uh, you know, maybe next week it turns out that uh we were wrong to be worried and everything goes back on track. But, uh, that's actually a really great analogy. You know, maybe we're losing the generals. I mean, if we like even in real life, right, in the military, the generals don't live forever, forever, &gt;&gt; but the army is has been around for 250 years, right? And the military keeps getting bigger or whatever. And, you know, politics set aside. &gt;&gt; That's an incredible analogy, right? the generals from 200 years ago aren't alive today, right? They eventually retire, fall out, and someone else rises up. And that's exactly what happens in the stock market all the time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's fair. Um, you've done two, I think, really good pieces um in the last what couple months. Yeah. &gt;&gt; About the AI kind of transfer of valuation. One way that I described it is we're kind of just transferring valuation from uh cloud companies to hardware because now the hardware is proving to be more productive. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's definitely possible. There's there's uh you know, it's kind of crazy. You you can almost back into any sort of narrative you want um when everything's changing, right? Because so many things can make sense all at the same time. But yeah, for one thing that seems pretty clear is at least from a software standpoint or at least from a white collar worker standpoint or at least from like a a programmer engineer standpoint all these AI tools that we're learning about or that we've been learning about over the last three years and you know arguably maybe even further back than that has made people that much more productive or it's replacing so many tasks that uh used to bog us down and so whoever is going to benefit from that whether it's business or industry or or you know the way a show is produced or whatever are going to see that in the form of you know better margins. margins. &gt;&gt; Yes, the margin part is really important um because uh this technology that's **[24:16]** um because uh this technology that's going through every sector is going to help their margins. That's kind of the idea is like they should be able to lay people off. they should be able to flatten um overlap which I think is a lot of what the cloud sector went through because you know post the COVID kind of cloud correction was a lot of combinations a lot of M&amp;A I think there was a lot of fat left over they kind of had to trim it up &gt;&gt; yeah it's possible I mean you know we we haven't really heard a whole um you know there's anecdotes out there about layoffs but you know when you look at the data at the national level layoff activity has been actually pretty steady so you know there's a case to be made that we're just you know maybe we're just going to get more out of the existing workforce. But um I think this is actually probably you know one of the more if not the most important story that we're gonna have to be following for the next you know three to five years because it's not as simple as saying hey AI is going to make my business and my industry more profitable right because right because &gt;&gt; you know all the people who are selling you this stuff like the hyperscalers and the the AI de uh tool developers or whatever they're all effectively giving this stuff out for free because they want you to believe and recognize how much this makes your jobs easier. And so, you know, maybe a couple years down the road after you've overhauled your entire business in infrastructure or your operations and you're plugged into this, you know, these AI tools and you have like, you know, 500 basis points of profit margin gains. Maybe they turn around and say, "Hey, the price is going up, up, &gt;&gt; right?" Yeah. &gt;&gt; right?" Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you have no you can't separate yourself from that because it's already part of your business model. you know, if it actually hurts profitability, you know, buy too much and maybe you switch products and go back to the old school ways of having people. &gt;&gt; But like that's not how it's going to work, right? work, right? &gt;&gt; They're going to tell they're going to see that you're saving $50 million a year. They're going to tell you, you know what, you're not going to we're increasing the bill by 25 million. You're still saving 25 million. And maybe that's how um the the service providers end up, you know, making some of this money back. &gt;&gt; A few charts um from a uh article you **[26:19]** &gt;&gt; A few charts um from a uh article you just wrote. One is the manufacturing PMI. I've been talking about this a lot. ISM's over 50 in both categories, which does seem like a very good thing. You know, again, like I don't know what it is about this particular moment. Maybe just because there's a lot of change &gt;&gt; that a lot of the news flow I'm hearing spins very negative. And I've never been one in [clears throat] my coverage of markets to shy away from trying to tell people what could be negative, right? &gt;&gt; But I feel there's the way I see things right now is a pretty big disconnect. We are less than 2% off the all-time highs. Yeah. And it's like horror in the headlines. We got ISMs in manufacturing above 50. above 50. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, there's a lot to be said about uncertainty, especially when it comes to things like uh volatile trade policy, like, you know, especially companies that do a lot of importing have no idea what the cost of the stuff that they're importing is going to be. You know, going beyond stuff like inflation because, you know, they're still sort of figuring out what tariffs are going to cost, all this stuff. So all that stuff becomes a headache for the business managers and the executive executives and planners and all this stuff. So of course they're going to respond to, you know, ISM surveys and whatever and say, you know, we're really concerned about this stuff and NFIB surveys and everything else. But when it comes to some of the more tangible measures of surveys or if you go to, you know, some of the hard data stuff like durable goods orders and uh core capex orders and stuff like that, all that stuff is holding up. Um, and if anything, we're actually seeing some of that stuff improve this year because &gt;&gt; continued claims, by the way, from your chart. Flat flat, chart. Flat flat, &gt;&gt; flat, flat. You know, there was there had been some movements, but it's it's mostly at levels. It's been trending at levels that's associated with economic expansion. expansion. &gt;&gt; Um, because I mean, a lot of things can explain that. I think the most important thing being that uh, you know, over the last five or six years, you know, in that post-pandemic world, everybody cleaned up their balance sheets. Yes, everyone from households and you know uh individuals all the way to you know the corporate world financing debt at you know low interest rates and stuff like **[28:19]** know low interest rates and stuff like this. So they have a lot of financial capacity and if you have a lot of financial flexibility and your balance sheets are strong then you're going to uh you know operate like you're you're growing. So the heart that is saying that the economy is actually doing okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um chart here more firms reporting AI driven uh return on investment ROI. Um, that's pretty encouraging. I think also to kind of NY's point about diversifying away from the concentrated market into specific stock picks that you know even staples categories, manufacturing, all kinds of stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's interesting you know over the last couple of years there have been all these different surveys and studies coming about out you know um trying to measure uh if businesses are actually seeing gains from deploying AI. And so much of it has been pretty inconsistent and a lot of these surveys end up becoming kind of these black boxes. But um this was a really interesting study done by uh Sparkline Capital and Kyoo the the analysts there who actually go went into the earnings transcripts and the earnings calls for tangible langu language that is associated with tangible gains AI. It's not as you know beyond companies saying hey AI is helping our margins they're actually going out and saying hey we uh rolled out a new thing for um our uh procurement system procurement system &gt;&gt; and brought down our our cost by 30%. &gt;&gt; Or uh &gt;&gt; Or uh &gt;&gt; this is not like expectations or prognosis. This is like product service that's already showing up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's already being delivered. So the quantifiable tangible benefits the number of companies that are reporting this is actually on the rise. So that's a good sign. I think generally speaking the numbers are still relatively low like you know you want to see uh you know 50% of companies saying it instead of 10% but directionally more and more companies are actually saying hey we're saving money by using these tools. tools. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Going up and to the right. **[30:20]** &gt;&gt; Yeah. Going up and to the right. &gt;&gt; Up and to the right. &gt;&gt; Um there is &gt;&gt; we love up and to the right. &gt;&gt; We love up and to the right baby. That could have been the alternative title to your newsletter up into the right. Um, [clears throat] okay. Tell me about uh this this piece that you just put up that is fairly complicated. Okay. So, I think we need kind of like the &gt;&gt; top level version. Um, and it'll also I think people should go and and if they're not already on your newsletter, they're going to have to give this some time to read it. So, go sign up and check it out. But this is essentially an accounting accounting um a forensic kind of accounting analysis that that you've done. It's based on a research report about how the capex that we're seeing right now from these outlays by big [clears throat] tech companies uh will depreciate. Yeah. Right. And they kind of amortize out their expenses over time. What's the point of this? So, you know, every day we open the newspaper or turn on TV and someone is telling you about how the AI hyperscalers are committing 600 billion uh plus uh to uh building out data centers and whatnot. And you know, sometimes they'll say, "Oh, well, this is going to eat up free cash flow." And then everyone freaks out. And then you know what? What are we supposed to do with that? with that? &gt;&gt; We can't buy back stocks anymore. &gt;&gt; There there's that, too. &gt;&gt; By the way, is that is that like Sorry, but is that cuz that's a big one real quick. quick. &gt;&gt; Of course. is are they sacrif sacrificing the buybacks? sacrificing the buybacks? &gt;&gt; Uh well, yeah. I mean, you know, the cash comes from somewhere. If you're not if if if all of your free cash flow is going toward uh capital investments, then there's less cash for for buying back stock. Um but you know, maybe that's a good thing because you know, it's it's funny. Um there's nothing companies can do that won't um you know, welcome some sort of criticism. &gt;&gt; I was just thinking that, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. for the last 10, 20, for how god knows how long. All you hear about is oh companies are doing financial engineering by buying back stock. &gt;&gt; None of it counts. It's just buybacks. &gt;&gt; Now they now now they take some of that money and invest in capex. It's like oh my god capex. **[32:21]** my god capex. &gt;&gt; It's like with capex you're actually buying stuff and putting people to work to build these data centers. So it's like there's something tangible to gain from that. Now that being said though, there was always the argument that the buyback is a quicker hit, which is kind of the idea of the it's effectively this kind of dividend that brings in flows, kind of keeps the stock, it gives you this kind of downside, almost protection in a way. Um whereas the capex I, you know, we love to see that, but it might take some more time to pay itself out a little bit. So is that where the depreciation stuff comes in? &gt;&gt; Yeah, like right now everyone's **[35:27]** With increased volatility, investors are bracing for large market moves both up and down. Will the market rebound 30%. Or will we see a 30% drop? At the end of the day, uncertainty remains a constant. Innovators floor ETFs are designed for volatile
