---
title: "Beyond Fridays: The New Era of Single-Stock Expirations"
channel: "Mat Cashman of the OCC and Brent Kochuba of SpotGamma break down wha"
channel_slug: spotgamma
video_id: rScmTc-DN9U
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rScmTc-DN9U
upload_date: 2026-03-02
duration: "1:10:03"
description: "The rise of 0DTE options reshaped index trading — and that evolution is now extending to single stocks, with new Monday and Wednesday expirations joining the traditional Friday cycle. Unlike many index 0DTE contracts, which are predominantly cash-settled and European-style, these short-dated single-"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-04
---

# Beyond Fridays: The New Era of Single-Stock Expirations

**Channel:** Mat Cashman of the OCC and Brent Kochuba of SpotGamma break down wha
**Date:** 2026-03-02
**Duration:** 1:10:03
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rScmTc-DN9U

---

## Transcript

**[0:05]** Uh, Mr. Matt Cashman, we are live fashionably late as I tend to be. Uh, how are you doing? &gt;&gt; I am doing great. How are you? &gt;&gt; I'm doing amazingly well. We did a webinar last night about Iran turned out to be kind of I mean wars are horrible. So, uh, but speaking about the markets, kind of a not much. I want to say nothing burger. S&amp;Ps are now flat. So, did that market reaction take you by surprise at all? surprise at all? uh you know I um you you mean the the fact that it the market didn't basically react that much to it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. um somewhat I guess I have been in in my elder years I have started to realize that um the the reactions that I used to expect uh very seldom actually come to fruition now &gt;&gt; as far as the market is concerned seems like things are just like always perfectly priced and no one ever cares until they do. until they do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I guess he's you could say we've been conditioned to buy the dip since basically 2008. Uh for sure. I mean arguably markets have just continued to go higher in the United States at least over time. But particularly since the you know Fed's got our back I think is really like a post post &gt;&gt; GFC construct. I I guess maybe that &gt;&gt; wars now as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah for sure. I mean that's like the whole Yeah. There's an entire trade built around it bro you know. uh &gt;&gt; buy that dip and that worked today. Uh you bought them off 6,800. Uh we rallied up to about 6,900 and so uh we're going to dig into that a little bit. Uh if you have questions, I can see them on YouTube for sure. I believe on Twitter I think we're streaming there. I believe there's even a Rumble stream. I don't know if anyone watches on that, but we're up there. Rumble. Um and so our original plan today was talk a little bit about Monday, Wednesday, not Fridays, Monday, Wednesday expiration. A couple names. I know you have a couple points to make on there. I did a little quick look back and I haven't found anything concrete. They've only been out about about a month now, right? **[2:07]** about about a month now, right? &gt;&gt; Uh in the top seven names. So, we can touch on that a little bit. And then &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; I was curious, we've covered this in the past before, but sort of hedges in these situations when V gets a little uh expensive. I think people have been interested in that topic. Um because to me, what is interesting and I know you and I have covered this. I mean, I think this point, I don't know how many of these webinars we've done. We've covered many things. Um, but just the idea of assessing volatility assessing volatility when a when when you do an outright because the single put may be cheap or you should go into the structure. And I think what is counterintuitive to this a little bit is that works for the bounce too. So, if you were trying to play a rally maybe this morning, my argument was that an outright call uh may be too expensive because that ball should be, you know, a little bit elevated. So we can kind of tackle those two things in kind. Um but what do what do you got on the Monday, Wednesday, Friday stuff? Let's uh let's start with that and um and check out some of the things that are going on in that space. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. So for many people and the reason why I'm I'm on a bit of a kind of like self-imposed uh speaking tour as as it were as far as these things are concerned. Um my job as an educator is obviously to continue to just message to people that they should uh do everything they can to understand exactly what they're trading before they trade it. Uh, and my concern when these things when I when I heard that these things were coming to fruition is that what we've kind of got here is this kind of perfect storm as far as many of the people who trade zero DTE exclusively now got involved with that over the last five years. Right. I mean that's where you really see the actual volume ramp up over the last five years as far as that's concerned. that's concerned. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And if they've been trading that, chances are they're probably trading European style cash settled options, right? Like that's kind of the benchmark for most of what the zero DTE **[4:08]** benchmark for most of what the zero DTE has been up until this point, right? If you're trading S&amp;P 500 options, chances are you're trading um you're trading European style cash settled options. Now the problem not not the problem the the challenge here is to understand that with most people who have gotten involved in this space and maybe this is their maybe this is like the only options that they have ever traded uh the duration of these options right the Mondays and Wednesdays on these names that have been listed in single stock options zero DTE Mondays and Wednesdays look very similar to a Monday and a Wednesday zero DTE option on an S&amp;P contract contract, right? But there's a huge difference between them. One of them is European style and most likely cash settled. And one of them is American style and physically settled, meaning it settles to stock, right? It settles to the underlying asset. That's what phys physical settlement means. Cash settlement obviously means it settles to cash, right? &gt;&gt; Um and the reason why those index products usually have those is because there's not an actual tradable underlying for those, right? an index. There's no way to actually buy or sell the actual index itself. There are futures on it, but regardless, okay, here's why I care. Here's why everyone should care is because American style options have a very different risk profile than European style options. Namely, that they can be exercised and thus assigned at any point during their life cycle. life cycle. &gt;&gt; Right? European style options cannot do that. European style options can be exercised or assigned at the moment of expiry and that is it. Right? That's part of the reason why people love trading them for institutional reasons. Right? It's a it's a very kind of like mathematical mathematical um you know it's not terribly complex the the actual expiration mechanism. It's mechanical. Uh on the American style side, you can actually exercise or **[6:10]** style side, you can actually exercise or not exercise during a window which includes sometime after the close. &gt;&gt; Okay. And so that window actually technically exists for European style options, but very seldom do people use it because if it's a cash settled options, it just expires to cash and it's it's not really you're never really financially incentivized to actually abandon an in the money option because you would be foregoing the cash with which it was going to settle at. Right? Well, American style options are different. You can actually abandon an option that is theoretically in the money. You can also actually technically exercise an option after the close that was that actually closed technically out of the money, right? Let let me give you an example. So stocks trading 100 spot one, right? 111. one, right? 111. $10011. $10011. You are along the 100 spot five calls, right? You're belonging the 100 half calls at 3:00 Central, 4:00 Eastern. Stock closes and it settles 100 spot 111. After the close, earnings comes out. Stock goes up 10 bucks. It's now trading 110. And you long the 100 and half calls have decided, lo and behold, that it's in your best interest to exercise your calls. right at 4:15 Eastern time or 4:07 Eastern time, whatever it is. whatever it is. &gt;&gt; You can do that with an American style option, right? And you get the stock. The problem is that during that window, right, if you're an American style call seller, you're not totally sure whether or not you're being assigned or not. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And this is part of the reason why these haven't been listed yet, right? because of that very fact the I think the the **[8:10]** of that very fact the I think the the market and the kind of ecosystem in general was wrestling with you know like these are complicated these are more complicated than any like normal cash settled European style option and so what we have is the NASDAQ asking the SEC to be able to list these and then once they start listing everyone's going to list them right because all &gt;&gt; Yep everyone does that and then you can imagine right because of what you have seen in the zero DTE space as far as the indexes are concerned that uh you can imagine some some serious volume going into these options. I want people to understand that these options are not the same as European style cash settled options. And if you get assigned on these, you have the potential of having an actual stock position, which you don't if you're trading European style cash settled options. And so that's that's part of the reason why I'm out here talking about them. And you'll see me talking about them in multiple different places because of that very fact. So, that's a very long explanation of what this is, but that's the reason why we're talking about &gt;&gt; Well, I'm I'm glad you actually brought this up because it it's something that hasn't actually occurred to me. Uh I spend so much time thinking about people trading the zerod options. Um high frequency, someone's buying tons of Tesla options versus something else. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. uh as opposed to that situation where people could get assigned early and I can imagine that that could create a lot of headaches not only for the customers themselves but then you know are the margin calculations and those types of things uh as accurate as they maybe need to be. So um that's that's really quite interesting. interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. uh to to bring up those aspects and and I never quite understood and maybe you could answer this and maybe there's a very obvious answer to this and I'm going to look like a jerk for asking the question, but why why don't they have these cash settled products in the equity space? Is there is there a good reason for that? **[10:11]** reason for that? &gt;&gt; Why not cash Apple options? &gt;&gt; It's a it's a good question. It's a question that I uh ask an awful lot. Um I um you know if you were to ask me offline whether or not I would prefer to trade cash settled or or physically settled options uh it's always a little bit simpler to trade the cash settled options. options. &gt;&gt; Um but the you know there's there's a part of this that's just like built into the legacy of the legacy of &gt;&gt; the the the business itself. People who are long actual underlying want to sell stock or want to sell options against their underlying that will actually theoretically call the stock away at some point. Right? some point. Right? &gt;&gt; That mechanism is something that's built into kind of the fabric of the way that those things work. I don't necessarily anticipate that changing at any point in time. Someone I was having a conversation with someone the other day who said, "Well, why don't we just list both of them next to each other?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. like you can have the physical settle and the and the and then let the you know let the market decide which option uh is more popular and thus who wants to use what. I think there's a, you know, I I can't speak from the OC's perspective, right? Like part of my job is also to represent the OC and represent, you know, that that voice. And so, um, the idea here is that whatever is going to be listed, I want to make sure that people understand what they're trading and what the risks are, right? And so it's it's a little bit above let's say above my pay grade to to discuss whether or not like everything's going to be cash settled going forward or not. &gt;&gt; Um but the you know the important part here is that if you're trading American style options on a zero DTE Monday or Wednesday in a single stock you have theoretical right underlying risk that you wouldn't have if it was our if it was a cash settled option. So **[12:12]** was a cash settled option. So &gt;&gt; yeah and uh I don't know how you pronounce photo indicay mentions that single stocks could have their closing print more easily manipulated and manipulated says false. You don't want to say the word manipulation obviously Matt but point is the same like uh you need to slip a little bit bid in there at 4 41458 at 4 41458 and there you go. Right. You could you could do that where it's harder to do in the SPX. the SPX. &gt;&gt; Yeah. without Yes, I would say that without uh without using the M-word in that situation, what I would say more generally is that each one of these options carries idiosyncratic risks to the underlying, right, that don't necessarily exist in a more widely dispersed option on an index, &gt;&gt; right? And then you have the dividend and then you have the dividend issue which could be very interesting as well. &gt;&gt; How those things are priced, what happens to them at like 414 uh on that night and and things like that. So yeah, those are a bunch of very uh valid issues which you know I didn't think about uh but uh &gt;&gt; right here flagging &gt;&gt; it's an interesting it's an interesting part of it. Let me give you a little bit of color as to like how much and what kind of volume we're talking about already. Okay, because I I actually uh reposted this from Henry Schwarz from SIBO. He does a lot of great work as far as like being really transparent about some of the volume numbers, but his post was uh essentially in case you missed it, Monday and Wednesday option expirations have been have become available for eight single stocks plus IBIT IBIT uh later uh this month. Widening the range of underlyings available for zero DTE and shortdated strategies. Okay, you ready? Today, this was two weeks ago. Today, nearly four million zero DTE contracts traded on these symbols. And with much help from AI and Copilot, I was able to use SIBO Global Markets trade alert to produce and schedule this daily zero DTE single stock flow recap. Wild to see 50% of Tesla volume was zero **[14:16]** Wild to see 50% of Tesla volume was zero DTE. Right, this was two weeks. This is after this is like right after this was the first week they let them off out of the bat. And so you see, let's see, top stocks by zero DTE volume. At that point, Tesla was 1.3 million contracts. That was 50% of the Tesla volume. Uh Nvidia was 985,000 Nvidia was 985,000 contracts. It's 37 and a half% of the Nvidia volume. Apple was 500. Yeah, you see it right here, right? Half a million contracts. That's a half basically almost half of the Apple volume. So, we're seeing these kinds of things happen very quickly, right? The adoption for these things is is like it looks like this. And like this. And &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; I I did not expect this much volume at first. I thought they were going to be a little bit sleepy, to be honest. And that's not what we're seeing. We're seeing people just like jump right in and trade them. I want people to trade what they want to trade. I also want people to understand these are not the same options. Even though they might look like they have the same duration as those S&amp;P 500x zero DTE that everyone has been trading, make sure you understand what American means when you're talking about American style versus European style. versus European style. &gt;&gt; I have two comments on this. I I'm not surprised about at least the Tesla and Nvidia volume because people were basically trading those zerodts anyway already. already. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um and the overall level to my last look of Tesla and Nvidia volume hasn't materially gone up. Uh so I think what this is doing is robbing from the Friday expiration really. Uh okay because a lot of people just come in and come out and in fact if you look at that data for those two names specifically and I you know know &gt;&gt; it's a funny thing because those two names like if you just look at the total overall volume uh on any given day there's two tiers of stocks right or t two tiers of of volumes. There's spider Q's SPX Nvidia Tesla. They'll generally trade, you can set your watch to them trading at least a million a day if not more. more. &gt;&gt; And then there'll be a rolling kind of **[16:17]** &gt;&gt; And then there'll be a rolling kind of cast of, you know, some news happening like silver's pop, you know, going off today. So it'll but those that upper echelon is there. You can set your watch to them being in that in that thing, right? And so it's like what is it specific about Nvidia and Tesla that is so that options complex so mature and gets so much volume. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and I have have been trying to figure this out and I thought, well, they're trading Nvidia and and Tesla either a against each other, which doesn't make a ton of sense to me, or b possibly versus some type of index option. I can't find a strong correlation there. So, I've been sort of left with the idea that this is people trading this potentially against the stock and there's some type of high frequency strategy in those two names that just keeps turnurning that volume because it doesn't ever materialize into open interest. open interest. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; It doesn't uh and and and you'll see that on a consistent basis. In fact, if you go and and you look at I don't know if it shows it here today for these two specific names, but you can come in here and say how much did open interest change. Um, change. Um, so here for example, it's a little tough to see here, but here's here is what open interest was day overday. Total change in open interest for Tesla was 300,000 contracts on this day, but the total volume was 2.7 million contracts, right? So, right? So, &gt;&gt; and that's not us saying this is what the buy side changed or anything. This is the total change in open interest. Yeah. So, if you traded nearly three million contracts and you only had 300,000 of open interest, net change, it's not, you know, it's 10%. It's not all that much, right? So, it has to be in my mind a lot of just churn, right? High frequency churn. High frequency churn. &gt;&gt; Yeah. People in and out of it. Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; And and that's the way that it works in most options these days. I mean, this this shows you what we call our flow ratio, which is just a number I made up to say basically like, look, you know, two 200,000 Goldman Sachs contracts trade today open interest at most changed 15,000. So, you know, it's not it's not uh it's not a ton there. So, &gt;&gt; so that flow ratio that you have there is it that that's something that you **[18:18]** is it that that's something that you keep track of on a daily basis for all of those things. of those things. &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. And and the reason is we built this report and this report is supposed to highlight uh the buy side changes in open interest. Where did the guys come in? They bought these contracts for next January 25 delta options. Super interesting is some random name, right? And then what would happen is people go, "Well, Brent, your report doesn't show this sweep for some random name." And so I put this in because for this explicit purpose of saying, "Look, saying, "Look, &gt;&gt; there's a ton of volume that takes place every day, that doesn't actually go into open interest." And so if you're saying, "Look at what what they just did. They just bought 50,000, you know, micron options and and that must mean they know something." Yeah. something." Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um well, a lot of times they sell it by the time that the market &gt;&gt; closed. So it was just a day trade. So your idea that this meant some you know Bridgewater quant whatever fund saw value you know is is untrue &gt;&gt; um in my in my view. So you know that's why we kind of plug this in and and so you look at Loheed Martin for example &gt;&gt; 289,000 contracts traded on Friday. Uh open interest actually went down 4,000 &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So you know on net it's like there's there's really nothing uh happening there. and and this is, you know, this is only options volume, not equity darkpool or anything like that. And so, um, so so that's what I found interesting. And I guess back to the point of with with Henry Schwarz is do do these names now come into that same app, uh, Nvidia Tesla complex where there's some sort of arbitrage trade going on, high frequency arbitrage trade, be it against stock, against itself, against, you know, whatever it may be. may be. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I'm not you know I'm not totally clear on that but but to to the core point there there's a ton of activity in that zero DT space you know full stop right full stop right &gt;&gt; yeah and that's great for the exchange a lot of revenue there and and traders look you want to trade it for whatever reason you want to trade it okay as long as to your point you know what the risks are yeah uh the other thing I want to **[20:21]** are yeah uh the other thing I want to draw people's attention to is that theoretically these seven to nine names are not always going to be the name. Uh if you go and you look through the SEC uh the the request that NASDAQ had for this, what they said is they'd like to review it quarterly. review it quarterly. &gt;&gt; And they have a list of like liquidity provisions that have to exist in order for these top seven names or eight names or whatever to be in the list. And so, um, keep an eye on that because there's also some interesting things about like if if one of these names comes out of this list and, right, all of a sudden there's a new name in that list, right, you're going to see uh some changes happening where where those options are theoretically listed. Now, keep in mind uh the exchanges are the uh self-regulating uh organizations that decide when and where to list options, right? they're the deciding body as to what gets listed and it's within their, you know, like decision- making as to whether or not they list options and, you know, how they get listed and in what order and etc. So, if you have questions about that, you need to be asking questions to the exchanges about like, you know, what's being listed and when and all of those things. M &gt;&gt; uh all good points and Whiz Kids here says the the big boys can hedge the stock and make enough to cover their costs and and I guess that you know the the the market makers do get different exchange pricing and all those things and it is cheaper transactionally for them. for them. &gt;&gt; This volume is so big that I don't think this is just retail people having a good time every day like the Wall Street Vets guys messing around like this is &gt;&gt; high frequency shops &gt;&gt; trading against market makers or amongst themselves or whatever it is. I don't think that this is, you know, uh, Matt's friends sitting around on their Wall Street or on their Robin Hood accounts. Uh, Uh, &gt;&gt; my friends. I think they might be your friends. friends. &gt;&gt; You're the Chicago guy over there. **[22:22]** &gt;&gt; You're the Chicago guy over there. Everyone's a uh master master. &gt;&gt; Okay. My friends. All right. Some of Some of them are my friends, but &gt;&gt; fair enough. &gt;&gt; fair enough. &gt;&gt; All right. So, I want to pivot uh a little bit here as that was extremely helpful and thank you for that. And um &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; I wanted to pivot to today and just the market action because this is the S&amp;P 500 here in black. Uh and this is our hero system and hero shows you the delta of the options being traded. So we look at every single option trade that's took place in the S&amp;P 500. So spiders, S&amp;P, ESC mini futures, people are selling calls and and uh buying puts. That's negative delta. And that means that the dollar value here that you see goes down. Uh and vice versa, right? Buying calls, selling puts, positive delta trades, and that shows that the market goes higher. And what I've seen related to the zero DTE space is that when we get the market dipping like this, and there's some there's some I don't want to say weak statistical evidence. There's some statistical evidence that this buy the dip feature is a feature of markets post zero DTE. Um the reason I pause on that is because the market rit large has been very strong when after zero D's really came out right after 2022. 2022 was a pretty bad year for the market and obviously the next couple years has been pretty strong. So strong. So the argument here and and you are really good at laying the stuff out in language that uh makes more sense probably because you're smarter than I am. Um, if you own puts, let's say you owned March puts and you are a big fund, for example, and you have 100,000 puts as your hedge and you can't take those off, they're going to expire, you could use zerodt calls in theory to lock in some of those gains, right? Or trade some some of those deltas as they change, right? So, market opens down a percent, V spikes, you can't close your put, but you want to lock some of those gains in or at least prevent loss in maybe the hedge if the market pops. Is that a is that a viable strategy for **[24:25]** Is that a is that a viable strategy for a more active fund or is that something that is unlikely to to sort of be a source of zero D options flow? &gt;&gt; Is this someone who So you're saying someone who wants to monetize the fact that their puts have exploded, the market's down, and they don't want to buy futures essentially or can't. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Because the argument is you buy the future and market keeps going down that future is going to sting. But you can lock in a certain amount of delta for the day or maybe for two days out, three days out with an option and that has a better riskreward arguably under different scenarios particular if you're wrong and the market drops another 2%. Right. another 2%. Right. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Um so you could buy a zero DT call as your as your delta adjustment as opposed to futures. to futures. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah. I mean I think that's um you know if I were trading in that way that would certainly be somewhere where I would look as an alternative to doing something like buying futures because what you're doing is you're you know for everyone who understands how calls work and how options generally work right you can only lose what you pay for the option so essentially what you've created is a more defined set of outcomes by buying you know zero DT zero DTE calls that expire at the end of the day. Um, instead of doing something like buying futures, it's a totally different uh risk profile to that trade and the payoff structures is virtually identical to the upside, right? Especially if you're buying something that's like deep in the money or something that's like semi in the money &gt;&gt; as far as the calls are concerned. &gt;&gt; So yes, I would say that. I would also say that if someone's doing that uh they are also buying the commensurate amount of premium that exists on that other on the put that's associated with the deep in the money call that they're buying right so you you also need to think about that right if let's say the **[26:26]** about that right if let's say the market's trading 6900 and I buy the 6800 call that's expiring today I am really actually also paying for the 6800 put right throughput call par, right? That's something that you need to factor in to how you're looking at it if you want to like really look at that from a holistic perspective, perspective, you know, and you know, you started this conversation by saying, you know, the calls, you know, people are buying puts and selling calls, right? That's something that's also going to you're going to see that come through in how the skew is priced if there's a lot of people who end up doing that &gt;&gt; because right those puts are theoretically out of the money puts and so you know and Mandy Zoo just came out with something I don't know what it was two to 10 days ago talking about how uh SPXQ hit a one-year high right because of all the tariff uncertainties etc etc etc etc you get the you get the idea right it's not something that's um uh those two things are are uh are not completely completely you know they they are connected in some ways. I can't give you an exact metric as to how they're connected but they are. are. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And here to the point of that skew you can see our the risk reversal which compares the one-month delta uh I IV of a 25 delta put versus 25 delta call. You can see that risk reversal rank is 0.4. &gt;&gt; We had the tariff tantrum you know in the last year. So, so the the the skew there is is indeed uh higher than even back then which is which is pretty surprising to believe even though the overall level of VA isn't necessarily higher. So you look at that put skew percentile. We're right there. It's 100 right now uh up here which is which is pretty amazing given uh &gt;&gt; given everything. And that was on Friday before this Iran situation happened. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Uh it was you know in hindsight it's clear and a lot of our members were saying hey how do you hedge the Iran situation or a war? And I was like why do you think there's going to be war? And in hindsight I look like a dope obviously because uh it happened but you **[28:26]** obviously because uh it happened but you know it was it was it was sort of uh signaled I guess. But back to the back to the point here. Um this is pre-market S&amp;P 500 and then here the market opens. You can see when the market opens the options volume turns on, right? Uh and the blue line is puts, orange line is calls. Again, this is just for S&amp;P. And so as soon as the market opens at 6775ish, right? Puts come for sale. If this line is going up, that's positive delta generated by puts. And so every options trade, we look at it and we assess, okay, did someone buy or sell this? And overall the trend is sharply higher as you can see to the tune of about $2 billion worth of puts sold. That's unusual but it makes sense in this environment if V which you know VIX was around 25ish at that open you know put skew is very expensive as we just showed had to be even more expensive or high I should say uh this morning versus Friday's close and so it makes sense that people would sell those puts if they're not concerned about escalation or whatever it may be or you want to monetize your your position etc. Now the orange line is calls and I think what's interesting here is you could see that call selling was very flat uh and then around when the S&amp;P rallied about 6850 you see the calls are now coming for sale. So my initial point on this is that this rally is unstable because arguably what happened here was puts came for sale. They could have been longs that were closed short or short period, but when you sell those puts and the market rallies, those put values go kind of towards zero, right? I mean, not all of them, but they certainly lose a lot of value and that makes the rally unstable. Whereas, if these were calls that were bought, those values would be arguably picking up and gaining in value and and there would be a little more hedging flow possibly related to those positions. So, that's interesting. thing if you want to just break it down to zero DTE a little bit here. I know there's a lot of lines on your chart, but this light blue line is the zero DTE put in this case, right? And then the **[30:27]** put in this case, right? And then the green line is zero DT calls. Does that make sense? make sense? &gt;&gt; Yes. So, what's happened here is zero DT calls are being sold as the market rallied and that involves probably pretty high. And then what's being sold here and I think this is quite interesting is interesting is &gt;&gt; it almost goes against my point earlier about do you lock in your deltas on a dip right using emergency instrument because what's happened today is it looks like people monetize their longerdated puts. That's what this spread between the dark blue and this lighter blue line is is telling you. And I got into this because you were uh a big-time trader at a bunch of shops and I don't know about a bunch of shops, but you know you know &gt;&gt; and I don't know about big time, but that's fine. that's fine. &gt;&gt; Well, you're very tall, so at least &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. We were referring to my height then. Yes, sure. &gt;&gt; I think uh stature is important. Uh, but you know, I'm I I've heard through the grapevine that you're an excellent trader. So anyways, the point is is that when you look at that and you see something like those longerdated puts being sold, and I know that this is a fairly vague amount of information, but to me, that's a pretty interesting signal, right? That that volatility kind of gets sold uh as soon as that market opens. What What do you kind of take from that? Um what do you kind of take from that as a driver of market upside? Would you extrapolate anything or think about about &gt;&gt; It's interesting. It's a kind of I the first thing I look at when I or the first thing I think about when I look at something like this is it's a kind of buy the rumor sell the news vibe, right? Um which uh in this case is the exact opposite, right? If if you were to buy the rumor, sell the news in a positive way, right? You're buying stock before the actual event comes out, then someone announces something that's theoretically incredibly positive and you sell your stock position right before the whatever. This is the exact opposite, right? It's the buy the rumor, sell the news as far as the world is ending. Um, and if you are able to see a situation in which instead of the zero DTE being the like center of the put selling **[32:28]** the like center of the put selling universe that it's like farther out in the duration curve, you should, you know, theoretically start to think about the fact that those have commensurately longer and longer dated options and thus have more Vega in them and thus that is some sort of um, you know, like that that is some sort of commentary on what people think about all more than just &gt;&gt; uh than just directional exposure, right? That it could be that you're getting into a situation where um you know, people are looking at it and saying like, "Okay, well, maybe we put a pause on the VIX going to 38 now, you know. Um, and that's kind of how I would, if I were looking at this and trying to read the theoretical tea leaves, I would probably think about that as um, you know, as some sort of, uh, something you should pay attention to, right? Um, and when you say they're, you know, like monetizing puts like that, it makes a big difference if you're monetizing puts that you own that have like 12 hours in them versus 30 days in them. Those are two completely different risk profile options and they're going to filter through to the market in a totally different way as well. well. &gt;&gt; Frank says the world's ending. Who cares? Might as well buy calls. &gt;&gt; All right. I But I love what you said there because it's confirmation bias for me. Um because this morning I was talking about well partial confirmation bias. I was talking about the fact that &gt;&gt; you know volatility is an asset class now, right? is a pretty big asset class and there's tons of strategies uh you know out there trying to reap that. forget just the casual, you know, income fund or whatever. There's, you know, there's there's tons of sophisticated strategies that specifically target volatility asset class. And I had made the case that at VIX 20 to, I don't know, low 20s, the V premium wasn't that interesting. But if you get to V, VIX 30, just as a barometer for S&amp;P V, &gt;&gt; you did VIX 30 and then suddenly that V premium in theory is a lot, you know, **[34:29]** premium in theory is a lot, you know, more rich or maybe there's a little more to to grab there, right? Yep. &gt;&gt; Um, but I flipped over here to the VIX call page to your point and a lot of what our video was last night was about trying to capture the energy of the market on the market move. And so S&amp;P opens at its lows and the VIX opens near its highs which was roughly 25, right? And that's when those options come for sale. Uh, and that ball crush is is pretty material. You can look at that. But the other thing that I thought was interesting on your point there is this orange line is VIX calls. So, if this line is chunking down constantly, it's telling you that people just basically dumped a whole bunch of VIX calls onto the market. Whether they were long them or short them, we won't know until tomorrow. Yeah. tomorrow. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh at large, but the 30-day range for this from a delta perspective, which gets a little squirly when you're talking about VIX options, but you know, $28 million of Delta sold so far, that's not a record. For the last 30 days, we've done as much as 35 million. So, but but that's basically what happened, right? to your point, they they monetize the V, at least that's what this says. And then when you look at the S&amp;P put selling, that's kind of what you gota, you know, put that in that same uh category I' I'd argue as well. So, yeah, it'll be interesting if that was new flow or kind of rolling uh rolling positions. Um, one of the other thing that's really interesting when you think about VIX options about VIX options is that you're talking about options on it's it's Vega options on V on right. It's variance on variance on variance is the way that I think about it. But I think you also need to make sure that you look at something like the VIX call skew, right? and think about what that looks like and what those options like where those options are priced in V terms because when you look at VIX call skew and this was always something that we when we first started trading the VIX as part of the index product uh is we **[36:30]** as part of the index product uh is we were just dumbfounded by the skew in there and you know Susuana had figured it out like seven years before we ever touched it all of the quants there and it just it's a it's a crazy it's it's a very sophisticated product and when you look at what the skew looks like especially in the front of the curve on those calls think about what that means when you're looking at like a 200 V right in those calls because that's not uncommon to see things like that up there. that up there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm going to uh I'll profess to steering slightly clear of this information of this topic because of uh general ignorance on watching the big skew. Yeah. skew. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh, a whole lot. Uh, and rather than say something stupid, I'll say nothing at all on this topic. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Except for to say except for to say &gt;&gt; that being said, uh, there doesn't strike me as very much movement here. This is Friday's close in gray versus right now. This is the 41 expiration, which is one month. So, that might be a little bit farther out of the of the curve in that instance. But, yeah, kind of interesting that it's pretty much unchanged. unchanged. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. I mean I it's it it's it market is really good at pricing these things now whereas it didn't used to be quite as good at it you know. Um but yes the other thing that I would I would this this goes back to something that that you said earlier which is the difference between a VIX at 20 and a VIX at 30. Um at 30. Um I want people to think about which one is harder to keep priced high. uh is skew harder to keep priced high or is at the money v harder to keep priced high? And um that can often times be a really kind of instructive idea as to how you're thinking about, you know, putting your positions together in a situation like this. I would say personally from my personal kind of like backtested uh mind um data data mining in my own **[38:31]** uh mind um data data mining in my own head it's a little easier to keep skew high than it is to keep at the money vol um because it's just less costly right like those puts yes the downside puts are really expensive and you know blah blah blah blah blah but oftentimes people buy the puts and sell the calls and you don't end up net net paying out a whole lot of premium for something like that. Whereas if you have a straddle that's priced on a 30 v in the S&amp;P, you're going to be paying a decent chunk of cash for that thing. &gt;&gt; You know, now you also have, you know, omnidirectional exposure if you're buying that thing. And so it works both directions whereas the skew is, you know, a very directional a unidirectional play depending on what you have on. But it also just costs less to put something like that on. And um and so in espec particularly in in a situation like this where you have kind of like geopolitical risks that are just out there, those aren't going anywhere necessarily. It's not as if we just solved this Middle East problem and all of a sudden it's like, "Oh, okay. Well, everything's fine. everything's fine. &gt;&gt; Four weeks it'll be fine." &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's going to be a persistent thing, but you might not be getting the moves that would justify a 30 or a 40 VIX, right? And so sometimes what you'll see is like the skew stays higher for longer longer &gt;&gt; than the actual at the money straddle does because in some ways you have to kind of you got to you got to make one of them cheaper than the other one. You can't everything can't just be all expensive all the time. You know what I mean? mean? &gt;&gt; Yes. And that hearkens back to the point of the Mandy Zoo from the SIBO and we were just looking at the put skew and it's 100 ranked 100 which means that the in our measurement the 25 delta put. So slightly out of the money put versus the at the money put. The spread in ball terms between those two is as high as it's been in the last year which again is shocking given the April. I mean I thought the world may end in April more **[40:33]** thought the world may end in April more than I do here today. uh at least the financial system, right? And so that was a quite a time, but the overall level of implied V is not really that high. Like VIX 21, fixed strike V, we could look at that's not terribly high. And so I just want to drive home this point because I hadn't really thought about that before. And what you're basically talking about is the skew. So if we look at this part, this is a one-mon option and and okay, 25 delta put is roughly around 6650. We're at the top of the 90day range, which is that teal circle there, right? So, so that option relative to the at the money which is here is extremely uh there's a big gap there, right? The gap between the VA gap between those two options is as high as it's been in the last year. Look at the call skew is just really kind of in the in the relative gutter, I guess, is what I would say here, right? No one wants calls at this moment. And then the overall level of implied ball for at the money is not at the all-time or not at the 90-day uh high, I guess I'm saying, right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Extreme put skew eh on the at the money and then the calls are just no who cares, right? cares, right? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; No one wants calls. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and oftentimes you'll see that, right? When SKs move, they tend to kind of like tilt like that, right? they I always and uh you know what we talk about is what what is called v path essentially gets very steep because of the fact that the fact that &gt;&gt; in you know like what I said I mean it's it's sometimes it's easier to keep the puts more expensive than it is to keep the at the money straddle more expensive and one other thing in retrospect relative to April right relative to the tariff tantrum or whatever we want to call it liberation day in that situation what you got was The market was completely caught off guard and you got massive massive underlying movement, right? That thing was moving. It was &gt;&gt; kind of day or something. Remember that was wild. was wild. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What happened? What happened this morning? Like the SPOS were down like 30 or whatever and then they just rally back. Like that's nothing. That's like a **[42:34]** back. Like that's nothing. That's like a threequarters of a percent. It's nothing. nothing. &gt;&gt; Yes. And and you know, we've beat this horse to literal death at this point, but the the effective range of the S&amp;P since really Thanksgiving, and I know this is not the best chart uh quickly, but we entered this range. This is 6,800 here and Thanksgiving. We had a little dip at after Thanksgiving, but we're essentially in the same range now for &gt;&gt; I don't know three months now. We've we've just been bouncing off this level, but the puts remained extremely elevated to that point. This is the 10day change of the And I know it's a little hard to read. So, let me let me try to show this in a way that you actually view it. But if you look at the history of the spiders, right, the the risk reversal, we call it difference between the put and call IV. This is the 10day range. It has not moved from this lower left corner. In other words, these puts have been relatively bid for the last 10 days in a very tight path. Like STX is just some random stock, right? That's whipping all over the place and and single stocks are moving. But S&amp;P has been okay, puts are elevated and they're stayed there, which to the point, someone's pinning those things up there and and that ball is not really coming in, which is which is quite interesting. interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, also think about what um you know, LA, not to not to beat the dead horse again, but think about what April of last year, what your P&amp;L looked like if you were long at the money options. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. I mean, you were monetizing those three and four times a day, right? Like down a 100, up a 100, down 50, up 50, up a 100, down, right? I mean, it was &gt;&gt; intense. There was a lot of movement going on. And so, it was easier to keep things more expensive then because people were actually like making money scalping it. In this situation, it's a totally different underlying movement profile. profile. &gt;&gt; 100%. We've been jammed in this range. And just to put that back into context, this was the VIX back in that period, right? So these aren't the same. I've **[44:35]** right? So these aren't the same. I've actually run some technical analysis here on the VIX and uh &gt;&gt; how's it looking as far as your technical analysis, Brett? technical analysis, Brett? &gt;&gt; It gets people angry. And what I found is that um is that um been like you can't do technical analysis. And then I find that I get more joy enjoyment out of doing technical analysis just to agitate people. people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; well, the the old uh what is it that Cara Swisser says? Engagement equals engagement. engagement. &gt;&gt; There's some truth on that point. Do you have anything spicy to say? &gt;&gt; It's the It's what the entire social network is built on. It's it's our entire lives at this point. &gt;&gt; That's so funny. Uh okay, we have about 10 minutes left and I wanted to drive uh I wanted to drive you to ask about um a point on options trading into these movements. Um, this is fixed strike vol. I think a lot of people hear that and their eyes glaze over, but this is just strike the strikes on the top, the expirations on the Y. And what I'm looking at is the change in volatility from Friday's close to right now for the given strike on the given expiration. Pretty simple. Pretty simple. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, interestingly, it's all higher. And I say that's interesting because the S&amp;P is now flat. NASDAQ is flat. VIX is up fine. Um, but obviously of the war, uh, which is not is a non-trivial thing. Yes. Um, you know, but the VSS are they're up just just a really a pretty I don't know marginal amount. I would say the these were about two points wide or two points of change, right? &gt;&gt; And the reason I think this is interesting is because I can't tell you what these balls were this morning uh at their highs, right? But if you owned a call this morning on the open or so they put this morning on the open, irrespective of arguably the S&amp;P move itself, your long option probably lost a lot of value, right? Generally speaking, now if you bought the ZD, the ZD, &gt;&gt; your long option lost a lot of value from what? From the open until now. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. **[46:35]** &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, you could have bought the zero DD call perfectly and market rallied 50 handles and you made a bunch of money there. So, I understand that there's uh you need to put a bunch of asterisks on that, but the reason I bring it up for this and then and then maybe it'll be like Brent, that wasn't such a ridiculous statement. um ridiculous statement. um in the calculator here and I think I explained this last night or I tried to do it on the fly and I don't think I did a great job. So I just want to bring this back up or if you look in the founders note this morning we mentioned this. I think a lot of people go especially at 7 o'clock in the morning people like Brent what are you talking about? But the the argument I made here is if you want to play upside I I made the case that outright calls are expensive. So I wanted to caution against those and recommend call flies in this instance. maybe call spreads will work better because of that ball v coming in. Right? So as a lead options educator, you are going to I think explain this in a much more eloquent fashion. Uh so um I'm going to load in a short dated option in here. option in here. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Uh let's just say 5 days or three days expiration. So let's say you came in this morning, you're like, "Hey, this is going to bounce and I want to play that. So I'm going to buy some calls, right? So we'll buy uh We'll buy the 66 6900 call this morning. Um and Um and &gt;&gt; with the futures trading where with the index index &gt;&gt; they were they were at 6,800. So that's 100 points 100 points &gt;&gt; 100 points out. Okay. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; five days. Now the V was the V for that option was probably a good I'm going to say five V points higher for that very shortdated option. shortdated option. &gt;&gt; Okay, fair enough. &gt;&gt; Argument make. All right. So, we adjust the skew here in the calculator such that the teal line is the current implied ball, which is probably fair for where it's been and where it's going to be for the next couple days, I would argue. Um, and then this is where the that ball was this morning. And the reason this matters is because if we just wind this up now a little bit and say, okay, uh, this is this is where the P&amp;L starts to come into play. And this **[48:36]** P&amp;L starts to come into play. And this may be a little bit of a challenge for y'all to see this, but this is the point I was trying to make. And I'm and I'm wondering if Matt you either say this is you're wrong on this view, you didn't say it the right way. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; People want the right answer irrespective of Brent's ego. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Um so S&amp;P is here at 6,800 and there's two lines on this chart right now. Right. There is the So let's say if the S&amp;P rally is up here 6775 when the if the implied V stayed where it was five V points higher, right? The penal of that option estimated at 6880 right would be 500 bucks. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Ball declined as we know from this morning. So this is actually a loser of $250 which is the yellow yellow box. Hopefully you guys can make that out. Okay. Right. out. Okay. Right. &gt;&gt; So when you are in these environments and I think this is a tricky environment because you go I bought the call because I knew the market was going to bounce. Market's up 70 handles from this morning. I lost money, right? And it's one of those gotchas that I think is hard. There's like a tough heruristic here where my p my my point is go with the putfly maybe or excuse me, call maybe you could have gone call spread, right? And offset that. But can you explain a a a useful way to think about having to or when you need to offset that volatility cost, you know, in in the in the the loss of value because that IV contracts versus um so you made money on the delta exposure, I suppose, and then I don't know if I'd really want to necessarily call that Vega, but the implied V comes in on this very shortdated option and you kind of pay the price there, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I think about it when I when you describe that to me, I consider this what I would call kind of uh underperformance of the V. Uh, and the reason why is because theoretically you **[50:38]** reason why is because theoretically you have to assume when you're whenever you're buying or selling anything at any any V that you're expecting a certain amount of performance out of it. And if you get up to the strike where you thought it was going to be profitable and it's not, um, the market underper the the V underperformed what the market did. And so oftentimes, I mean, let let's be real, when you walk into a situation like that, and for a long time when I first started trading, particularly index options, I was always really confused when I would walk into the pit and there would be like mass chaos. And the people who I eventually understood to be like fantastic index options traders would walk into those situations and they would sell everything, right? They would like walk in and just in and just &gt;&gt; kind of like um indiscriminately just like launch everything, right? And I was always just like, what is going on? Like you guys are crazy, right? And part of the reason why they did it is because they had access to all of these different products where they could buy stuff back in differing ways and you know they were buying stuff cheaper in the spies and they were you know like whatever and and so they were able to replicate the actual vault and there was a premium associated with the S&amp;P particularly where they would just launch everything in the SPX on the open and then cherrypick their way into buying things back to, you know, as the V started to kind of do this. The only time that I really see in situations like that where that doesn't work out well is when you get an incredible amount of underlying movement, right? You did the same thing on the open during the, you know, the tariff thing in in April of last year. Um, you absolutely got your face ripped off, right? Yeah, right? Yeah, &gt;&gt; because what you got was this underlying movement that was like not modelable, **[52:40]** movement that was like not modelable, right? People didn't expect it and thus what you got was options that outperformed their actual modeled v, right? right? &gt;&gt; And so what you're seeing here is underperformance in that situation. you see outperformance and it just if you have any kind of inkling that this thing might perform in the way that it's modeled right now, chances are you're probably not going to get a lot of bang for your buck out of buying an elevated V, right? When you're walking in, if everyone's like sitting there waiting for the VIX to explode, &gt;&gt; uh chances are the VIX isn't going to explode, right? If everyone's just like watching it like, is it going to explode? you know, I mean, it's if everyone's looking at the same thing, right? The watch pot never boils, it's like uh and so that's the way that I think about it, but I I always think about those things in terms of outperformance versus underperformance outperformance versus underperformance relative to the skew and the level of implied V just general, right? That's how I that's how I kind of contextualize it always. So, if you're if you're coming in this morning and uh what what I think is interesting, I was I want to say one one of two things. Number one is the market has been has this resistance line above it, right? And and it's and it's you know, we just we're showing the chart here, right? Like it can't get over 6,900 and and I &gt;&gt; whether or not you think it can fine, but the odds of us saying, "Well, the war doesn't really matter." So, that's going to open up a new high in the market probably pretty low, right? as opposed to the downside which &gt;&gt; well well heck that that is there's uncapped downside if things escalate in god forbid the wrong ways right so &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; so in the in the event that the S&amp;P rallied here v would almost guaranteed to come in uh stay at or under where it was whereas in the t in the tariff situation you remember we're up 8% so all up and and so totally to your point and and that's the context I guess that is really critical here But what what would you is there what would you look **[54:42]** would you is there what would you look at? You know, you come in, you're a retail trader like always here and you just say, "This is how I know that the VA is probably too rich versus too cheap and I need to worry about call spread call fly instead of outright. Is an IV rank or something like that enough? Or is there another kind of heruristic you go okay top of funnel idea here is ball looks pretty expensive because this says this?" this?" Well, as far as I'm concerned, the way that I always based my decision- making in in V is previous, you know, is is delivered V versus implied V, right? Like that if you ask me that question, that's always how I'm going to answer it. It's not a perfect way to evaluate it because one of them looks backwards and one of them looks forwards, right? Delivered V, historical V is what has happened. Implied V is what the options are pricing going forward. But I always, you know, Especially during my relative value trading days was were just constantly looking at implied V divided by D or you know like delivered V essentially and looking at what that ratio always looked like and I was always comparing the 10day option to the last 10 days of delivered V. And if you're looking at those things and they're like, you know, the ratios are like 1.5, like 1.5, right? You might want to be like maybe it's not like maybe the implied V's a little higher than it should be because we're just not getting the same amount of delivered V out of this thing. It's just not moving the way that it's priced and it has to kind of like have a certain amount of premium built into it because of all of the geopolitical risks. But the thing's just not moving, you know? And that's one of those things that's like, I don't know, bro. Like, do you really want to be long V here? I don't know. I mean, yes, but maybe not. I don't know. I mean, and so that's the way that I always looked at it. I always looked at what is the ratio of implied vault divided by delivered vault. Is **[56:44]** vault divided by delivered vault. Is that, you know, ridiculously high? And if it is, I would always kind of be like, maybe I should go look to buy V somewhere else, right? somewhere else, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I love that simple uh heristic and and you know here's the implied V or excuse me realized V of the S&amp;P 5day realized one month realized two they're all at 11 to 12 basically right and and then you go okay well VIX is a I know VIX is not necessarily the perfect measure for S&amp;P all but it's at 22 so that's 10 10point spread roughly there right which is really quite wide market bounces it's going to close basically unchanged today these realize all metrics are going to affect essentially Nothing happened. Nothing happened. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Which is &gt;&gt; even lower. They they'll be even lower tomorrow, you know, than they are. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is really quite a fascinating thing. And then you can also come in here and I I thought this chart was interesting. I haven't looked at it recently, which is what you just made me think about, but there's one month implied V versus one month realized V. And so And so &gt;&gt; everything should be kind of on a perfect line in a perfect world, right? &gt;&gt; Uh with these two, but you can see where the V is priced in a little bit high. So &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; realize all 50 for gold but implies 30 weird. I don't know. Oil is the opposite side. Oil is pricing in more kind of Armageddon. And then Spider you can see right there. This is the one-mon option. So if you're trading weeklies, you have to adjust that a little bit. But but that's not really that much of a spread to be honest. I mean this is on Friday's close but I don't know four four points I guess is. Uh but uh that's the kind of thing I think that you're a nice little chart would be a bit a little bit easier but yeah well I always used to I mean to be honest with you when I was looking at this stuff actively I constantly for every single option tenor I had now I also did not have zero DTE options where I had to think about it for an everyday expiry but I had you know the 10day the 20-day the 50-day and the 100 day delivered always up on my screen and then I always **[58:46]** always up on my screen and then I always had the actual, you know, the ratios of the 10day to the 10day option and the 20-day to the 20-day option and the 50-day to the 50-day option. Just kind of always looking at those things to look at how the and exactly kind of like this for everything that I traded. I always wanted to know where are we relative to how much things have moved. Now obviously there are situations in which like it doesn't matter what that says because like a new paradigm has right like a new vault regime has has come upon us and none of that matters and that's the you know that's the art part of this relative to the science part is understanding when that switch gets flipped right gets flipped right &gt;&gt; like I said you are looking at something that is backward-looking versus forwardlooking and you're trying to make a decision about what to do right now. Uh but uh for lack of a better tool to be able to contextualize what things look like, I can't find a more simplistic or a more distilled tool than implied vault divided by delivered vault, you know, vault, you know, &gt;&gt; that's the top of funnel idea to the point, you know, point, you know, &gt;&gt; exactly like if they put every naval vessel in the US Armada uh in the Gulf Coast uh in hindsight again. Oh well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, then everyone's gonna look around and be like, "Well, V was too cheap." Well, yeah, of course. Right. World War III, yes, the all whatever V you have is going to be too cheap, but it just right within within that top of funnel you're talking about, if you're looking a little bit more granularity, it's a way to do that and be able to distill some of that down into something that's easier to look at and think about in those terms. in those terms. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that makes a lot of sense. So just back to this idea to just to to close off this. So so the vault contraction in this instance cost you you know you think you make money you lose. And then just to round this out if you add in the short option leg just to **[1:00:46]** you add in the short option leg just to see how this would offset and again this not a perfect simulation but hopefully it drives home the idea. Uh and so you go uh 6950 I'll just take for a pretty wide spread. um it changes the dynamics of that P&amp;L but now you are getting you are offsetting that V contraction &gt;&gt; such that now when the market rallies this particular trade at this moment still shows a little bit of a loss here right but but that's quite a that's quite a difference quite a difference &gt;&gt; uh from if it was just single leg right and and you can see all the offsetting Greeks here now that changes but that's why it's a little bit tough because you don't want to you don't want to hurt yourself too bad from let's just say the delta perspective But you do need to offset that that volatility contraction uh in some ways. And so um so this again goes I think some ways to the art of of trading uh in some respects because there's a balance there and if you don't have an incredibly sophisticated volatility model. It's like &gt;&gt; you know how do I weigh this out? But but it's critical because I think this is a morning probably where a lot of people bought calls maybe and and they didn't make anything and and that is one of the most frustrating things in existence as far as I'm concerned. &gt;&gt; Agreed. And that's when most of the kind of rhetoric that like this whole thing is rigged and all of that, right, comes out and people, you know, like &gt;&gt; I do want to drive home the point that as a market maker, there's a reason why market makers reach to hedge optionality with other optionality first and foremost, foremost, &gt;&gt; right? They the the idea of hedging like with like is really important because of things like this, right? You look at what what this would have looked like if you had just bought calls and sold futures against it, right? You would have gotten absolutely hammered versus buying calls and then selling other calls against it, right? You get a little bit less hammered. And the reason why is because you're trading **[1:02:47]** why is because you're trading optionality and then hedging it with other optionality, right? You're buying an option, you're selling an option. And that's why you'll see market makers reach for that first and then the futures second unless what they're trading has like pure directional exposure because of the fact that like hedging optionality with other optionality is it's just cleaner and your Vega exposure regardless of the duration is going to be less than if you were to hedge with futures. Right. &gt;&gt; Yes. And I think that's that's a fantastic place to to kind of I think bring bring home the final point here is that when you have the situation now where where you you have a lot of exposure to the downside, right? And if you're a market maker and people are buying puts, right? I'm concerned about the war. I'm going to buy puts. Matt's selling me puts left and right. you there's no way for you to protect yourself there with futures if I'm piling what I say convexity on top of you. You can't hedge that with a linear hedge like futures, right? And I think a lot of people don't quite understand this. And so the way that you would do this is you would buy or own in your inventory teeny puts that 99.999 times out of 100 offer nothing to you except for a a carry cost. Y &gt;&gt; but your risk manager will come to you at the end of every day if you don't have those and be like you're out of you know we if we move three standard deviations you're out of business we're not going to let that happen so you got to own these things and then when VA really spikes that adds P&amp;L to your portfolio and I would argue in this environment sometimes environment sometimes when then you get VIX 60 or 80 and these little teeny puts are paying off like crazy then maybe you can offer liquidity to the market because you're generating P&amp;L you can get more stability ility in the market and then maybe that's why there's such strong links to superv spikes and bottoms in the market because this liquidity provider can kind of come in because their hedges are working so well and and that allows the market to **[1:04:49]** well and and that allows the market to turn around. But you have to carry net long options is essentially the way that I guess I would say it and please correct that I was wrong because if you don't you go out of business on a multi-standard deviation unexpected multi-standard deviation unexpected move. move. &gt;&gt; Certainly. Yeah, it's certainly one way to look at it. I mean I tell this story an awful lot. There was an old OKConor guy who when I first started trading soybean options took me aside and was like, "If you really want to trade these things in good size, like in big size, which I'm getting the idea that you do, you need to be going into your position and buying three month strangles &gt;&gt; that are way out of the money and buy like 5,000 of them in three different accounts and stick them in there and then every three months you have to roll them right to the next three month 5,00 thousand lot strangle and he was like it's going to cost you a lot of money to do this and the one time that it saves your ass it will actually keep you in business for the rest of your life you know and and he did that because you know he said that to me because he was a commodities trader who had traded commodities like that that have a very specific volatility profile as far as how they move and he knew that I was coming over from the single stock and index world and was Like, listen, bro. This is different than what you're used to. You need to have some units on your sheets, right? If you want to do what I think you want to do, which is like institute a bunch of these index trading strategies in something that gets real sticky from a P&amp;L perspective, you got to have these units on your sheets, right? And so now I'm not this is you know not a recommendation to do that but that is in many ways how I ran my book for a really long time you know and that's like it and it saved me more than once. I can tell you that for sure. &gt;&gt; Uh it's a it's a it's a great story. It makes me think of Captain Condor who does basically opposite and gets blown out or like a Universa fund. I think they're still around where they buy they **[1:06:51]** they're still around where they buy they buy those options and maybe they got to carry them for two years, but when that event happens and everyone's crying, man, they're like, "Yes." &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Want to buy yacht? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. It's hard. It's hard. Everyone likes those negative skewed payouts where it's like, "Hey, I'm going to collect the dime every day and look at me. It feels so good." And then, you know, out you go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. And then you get carried out, right? Like kicking the trash can over as they pull you off of the floor by the nape of your neck. &gt;&gt; Yeah. trying trying trying to sell more puts on your way off off the floor, right? right? &gt;&gt; More week I would have bounced. It would have bounced and I would have been fine. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just two more days. That's all I needed. needed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, before we wrap up, we taken now more than your time than you allocated us. So, thank you so much. Uh if you're interested in spot gamma stuff, go to spotgame.com/flow patrol. Uh type your name and your email. We'll send you our flow patrol report for the next five days. Matt's not allowed to endorse anything, but if he was, I suspect he would endorse this report. I suspect that's all hearsay. Please don't respond to that, Matt. I don't want to cause any problems. problems. &gt;&gt; But I learned so many things today. So, so thank you so much. Uh I got a actually got a page of secret notes I was taking down here with my uh &gt;&gt; Oh, nice. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice. &gt;&gt; This guy, my S&amp;P pen, my SPX pen. &gt;&gt; Oh, all right. I love it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm always Brent, I'm always happy to be here and to uh to help in whatever way that I can. My I my whole idea is that I hope that I can leverage some of all the horrible mistakes that I made trading and and try to make sure people don't make them uh going forward on their own. So their own. So &gt;&gt; yeah, we're we're going to chop up the opening segment about the uh zerod options or Monday, Wednesdays, whatever. We'll chop that up into a second se a separate segment too because that was just some great you know uh information that everyone should be aware of there. And Matt, you put out tons of education, tons of webinars. Uh yeah. &gt;&gt; So how can people get a hold of you? Where should they go for all the things Matt Cashman? Matt Cashman? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I write a bunch on LinkedIn and a little bit less on Twitter, but uh the main place where you can find the options education is uh **[1:08:52]** options education is uh optionseducation.org optionseducation.org which is our website where we host all of our educational resources. And they are free of charge and on demand because we are fully funded by the OC. So um we never charge you for anything. All you have to do is create a login and a password and you get access to all of the options education if you you know like what I talk about and how I talk about it. There's going to be a lot there's a lot of it like that on there. So check it out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I'll I'll plug your calculator there because if you really want to shift the Greeks around and see how it changes an options price is great. I mean spot gamas is very good. Uh but if you if you kind of want to get your feet wet with the basics uh the the options calculator OC is amazing. I didn't know it was there forever. I was always looking for when I found it was like the OCC. OCC. &gt;&gt; It's the most it's definitely our most used tool. It's it's our most used tool and it is it's really it's a fantastic and it's a very simple calculator but it's a great way to learn how like things work when you start moving things around. So around. So &gt;&gt; yeah 100% check it out. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, thank you again Matt. Uh and uh I'll be seeing you at the OIC conference OC conference, excuse me, I think in May. think in May. &gt;&gt; Yeah, in May. &gt;&gt; Try to do something a little bit before that maybe. that maybe. &gt;&gt; All right. I'll talk to you guys soon. Thanks for having
