---
title: "Stocks Bounce, Crypto Soars, Oil Calms: CFOF LIVE from Cboe"
channel: "SpotGamma"
channel_slug: spotgamma
video_id: SqoYOpCJSZM
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqoYOpCJSZM
upload_date: 2026-03-05
duration: "1:05:24"
description: "It's risk-on across markets as bitcoin rips, tech rallies and oil cools off. Brent Kochuba (SpotGamma), Jon Najarian (Market Rebellion), Chris Brecher (TradingNest.TV) and Scott Bauer (Prosper Trading Academy) join OJ live from Cboe in Chicago: Future of Finance."
view_count: 627
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-07
---

# Stocks Bounce, Crypto Soars, Oil Calms: CFOF LIVE from Cboe

**Channel:** SpotGamma
**Date:** 2026-03-05
**Duration:** 1:05:24
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqoYOpCJSZM

---

## Transcript

**[0:27]** Go ahead. Forever **[2:52]** &gt;&gt; You know who else is looking for a gig? Who's that? Jack. &gt;&gt; Jack. I was hoping not the contractor. &gt;&gt; What? Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; Stop. &gt;&gt; Stop. &gt;&gt; So he's not going back. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Like we're we're hiring for that role right now. &gt;&gt; Is that all the same thing? &gt;&gt; Kind of the same stuff he was doing. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He's very helpful on the &gt;&gt; He's helpful guy. &gt;&gt; Just like very green. Um &gt;&gt; he'd be a good person for you to uh if you ever need someone to have I live in Shush. And here auxiliaries **[7:22]** We generally want There we go. All right. This is a Matthew Gorgle. Some behind the scenes here from Sibo. See, it's a group effort. Okay. Here's the main thing I like about today is that we've got stocks rallying despite crude being flat. That's good because you don't really want crude to be down and stocks up a bunch because that'll mean we're still attached to crude oil. We want to be unattached from crude. So, I think that's a pretty good situation overall. Fact that you got the market firming up. You see the VIX which has been uh generally, you know, bid coming in a little bit. Here's the candle for VIX today. Pretty red. Kind of three red candles in a row now. And um that I think is encouraging, right? the fact that we're not blown out even further. Brent's going to join us here in a moment. Spot Gamma looking at the volatility situation, the volatility landscape, but the simple line that I've had here generally work has been working pretty well unfortunately for bulls. So, we need to get back down to something in the low 20s and then maybe break through it to the downside. But in the meantime, the more important I think message is that tech is looking pretty good. Look at the NASDAQ popping here. SMH again, semiconductors up two uh.3%. That's a pretty good day. The S&amp;P 500 is also holding the range that it needs to hold. S&amp;P still sticking around that 6,800, able to keep that line. Look at the way we had candles back and forth. Long wick yesterday with the bottom of that wick basically starting at 6,800. These lines are working pretty well. Also note that Bitcoin is bouncing too. BTC getting some love today and Master Strategy also rallying. Now, if you've been following along, it was last week that I actually changed my risk radar to take the red light off of Bitcoin and crypto to a yellow light. And um I think that was pretty well timed for the most part. Uh given that the market has found some firm, you've got a nice little range for Bitcoin now developing between 60 and 80,000. I think green light if we get back above 80,000, but we're not quite **[9:23]** back above 80,000, but we're not quite there yet for BTC. Uh note all also by the way that master is just up double digits here. As I talked about the other day, I do think that generally short master can still be a hedge to being long risk of whatever form you want, but you do need to be more careful about I think pairing short master with just long stocks. I think at this point given the yellow light for Bitcoin, you could go back to the long Bitcoin short master trade, which is actually the way I started that trade about a year ago. So, if you do get a risk-on move, it seems like some of the stuff that's been washed out over the last month could lead the way. Speaking of which, look at the cloud group. Another day with cloud stocks up yesterday. Crucially, this group actually firmed up despite the big sell-off in market. So I also think that's pretty important which is that when things that have been really beaten down and torn to shreds, the fact that they found firming on a weak day for the market suggest that some of that rotation in the market really did do some important work in clearing out some of the froth. So overall a pretty solid day. I think the risk radar is in pretty decent shape right now. The last thing that I want to hit real quick before we bring in Brent is the bond market. Okay, this is fascinating. I don't really think people are giving enough attention to bonds. The reason for why is because there's got to be a move coming soon. I'm really tempted to put the red light on bonds, but we need more evidence of it first. I think that generally the trend here has been to trade bonds back and forth within a range as well. It may not be as obvious because you have to zoom out. So, let's do that. Let's zoom out on this 10-year chart here for the futures. And look at that. Is anybody aware of this giant sideways triangle that exists in the 10-year future? It's pretty wild stuff. And this is the type of chart that lends itself to a really big move. And we're kind of running out of space there on the very right side of that triangle, which is about a 4.2% midpoint. So, I don't think you want to see bonds dive underneath that 4% yield too far. It's just not a great thing when people are buying up bonds out of fear. Generally, that's not what you **[11:24]** fear. Generally, that's not what you want in markets. much preferable is for yields to push at least towards the high end of that. I think we could definitely handle yields higher. Be careful stretching the logic of crude oil and inflation too far for bond yields. Remember, generally the thing that is most conducive to yields going higher is a firm and a strong economy. And look at the numbers that we got today. Let's hear it for the ISM services at 56.1. That is pretty darn good stuff. Look at that figure right there. That is impressive. Imm service is 56.1 and the manufacturing has been above 50 right now. I don't know how you don't like the market at this point in terms of the economic implications overall. It seems pretty darn good to me. I got Mr. Brent Coacha on the Zoom. What's up, Brent? &gt;&gt; What's up, Oliver? How you doing? &gt;&gt; Not bad. Uh, you know, market kind of resetting here. Uh, it seems like volatility though is still kind of in a weird place. I just don't know what to make of the VIX being so stubborn. Um, I guess we still got to sort stuff out. But these three candles the last three days on the VIX um are getting kind of interesting, Bren. It seems like we're having trouble keeping volatility at the heights, you know, at the at the 23 plus range. range. Yeah, this is the market that wants to buy dips, uh, wants to sell that V, but you can't push V all the way down when we have this global conflict which doesn't seem to be getting worse thankfully, but it's not resolved, right? And so I think that anytime you have the prospect of say, you know, nuclear armed confrontation or whatever it may be, you got to be careful of just going fullbbor to short volatility strategies, right? So I think we really need to see that risk clear before we see that that VIX return to ideally where it should be which would be something around the 15 level if you look at what realized in the S&amp;P is doing. So, um, VIX right now we're looking at 20.7. looking at 20.7. Um, if we get, you know, the, uh, single **[13:27]** Um, if we get, you know, the, uh, single stock volatility and dispersion charts, I'm got core 1M here right now. Correlation's coming in a little bit after spiking. If we combine these with the fact that cloud stocks have been firming up the last couple days, Brent, I wonder if there's a story to be told about some of those sector specific or stock specific volatilities maybe evening out somewhat. What's just Oliver and this is going to link to what I forwarded over to was we looked at Vard to the point of your chart there remember that AI article that went out that literally everybody I mean I had people who you know I never knew even knew what a stock was sending me that article saying you know have you seen this seen this &gt;&gt; right and that literally at the moment has completely marked the bottom in this sector which I think is fascinating but why that matters to me for more in options land is that that sector had extremely high volatility we talked about that a a lot, right? And that sector, as you mentioned before, was bid even though the market was down over the last couple of days, right? So, it was a really fascinating diversion there where these stocks with the highest of all were getting bid while the S&amp;P seem to be falling off and VIX is going up. Well, what is that? That isn't theory or in in many ways the dispersion trade in and of itself. And if you look at some of the data here, that's really fascinating. What we see is that the buy side seems to be long S&amp;P puts and they are short single stock puts and that shows up in our proprietary data. We call this the SGOI and we see that in size. And so while you see this negative gamma to the downside in the S&amp;P and we get these kind of jump moves to the downside, those moves all seem to mean revert, right? Well, why is that? It's because if you are long S&amp;P uh puts, right, and that is and that is negative dealer gamma, but the dealers have a ton of hedges off in the terms of being short single stock puts. Well, that is in theory kind of neutralizes those gamma positions in a lot of ways. And so the end result is you kind of end up doing nothing, right? You kind of just have this mean reversion while we end up **[15:28]** have this mean reversion while we end up stuck back in the range that has prevailed. And so the war situation sort of broke through uh the box, the downside of this triangle. we've been watching, right? We probed 6,700, but the mean reversion has been so strong here and we just ripped right back uh to the levels where we were basically a couple days ago and the war situation hasn't really subsided. Oil still is at recent highs. You know, V's maintaining its bid, but ultimately the the price action is just bringing mean reversion and I think you can point to this sort of dispersion trade um and the hedging flow related to that as a as a driver of some of this mean reversion. Um, looking at today's uh trace to your point, you know, this the kind of steady bid. We're not pushing too far past up 68.880. It does kind of look like um maybe we get a little bit of resistance towards like the 6900, but I do think Brent, this is an important um latest example of what you've told us many times, which is that generally the zero DTE kind of u market maker driven supported flow is largely constructive. You know, it's like you really got to have a major exogenous force to break that support for the market. And that's, you know, a rangebound market is kind of a market maker's favorite. maker's favorite. &gt;&gt; Yes. And and on that point that we were making about dispersion, that red there on your chart is negative gamma. And this focuses on the S&amp;P, right? And so when you look at that, that says, okay, we should have a lot of volatility, particularly break to the downside. Well, what offsets that in this case is a lot of single stock puts that are being sold by by the buy side, right? Nvidia, Apple, Tesla, software stocks, that stuff is getting consistent short puts that offset against this S&amp;P uh negative gaming that you see there. Now, those things offset and to the point of the zero DTE flow, the Iran situation, right? When you wake up in the morning, you check the news. If it's not getting worse, you assume it's not going to get worse from, you know, 9 to 4 p.m., **[17:28]** worse from, you know, 9 to 4 p.m., right? When the market closes overnight, you don't necessarily want that exposure while you're sleeping. But zero DTS don't have exposure right while you're sleeping. So you can go and play in that sandbox with relatively lower risk. And I think that's an important thing to mention. If you short a put that is 30 days out, you got a lot more to worry about over those next 30 days than someone with a time horizon of say 8 hours. hours. &gt;&gt; Okay. U Brent, let's go into that sandbox a little bit in some more detail. You brought a really interesting chart here uh that I want to pull up. This is SPX This is SPX participants. Um participants. Um &gt;&gt; yes. Who owns SPX puts is the way you frame this. Um and uh I know you're on mobile so you but you know this by heart for those that are following along. Uh left hand side shows S&amp;P put open interest by participant broker dealers proc customer firm market maker of course being the biggest one here. &gt;&gt; Uh and then on the right side looking at put net open interest customer versus market maker versus for a bunch of different companies. So there's a lot here. take me through this. We do got a couple minutes, so explain to me why this matters. this matters. &gt;&gt; The big thing on the left is the market maker positioning in the S&amp;P, right? And so what you see in that case is evidence that the market makers are long put options. And that's and that's what you're seeing here. Uh and and you see that divergence, right? Long versus short. And there's a net number there. And so that net number is bunch of longs, but there's more net short where the customers that sort of bottom bucket is the opposite, right? They own more net puts. and it's relatively smaller as you can see there. But the argument here is that the dealer community, the market maker community has on some short S&amp;P put exposure. Now, this chart doesn't break down the tenor of that or the various Greek exposures. It's just a net open interest number. That's from our proprietary data. So, this is showing that market makers short puts right in the S&amp;P. And that makes sense if you think about well the put skew in the S&amp;P is at highs. Um and so um that would explain that a little bit because if **[19:29]** explain that a little bit because if you're short puts and you don't want people to buy more puts, what do you do? You make those puts expensive. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Now that is offset on the right side against the single stock exposure. And so what I did on the right side is said, okay, what does this exposure look like in the single stock names as well as in the rest of the S&amp;P? So, you talk about the MAG sevens. Uh, I broke those out individually and then everything else that's in the S&amp;P and I just summed up those put positions and what you can see is it's the opposite, Oliver, &gt;&gt; mostly got long positions on. &gt;&gt; That's right. Well, the right the market makers own puts there on net, right? So, what does this mean? &gt;&gt; Own puts. Got it. Got it. If I'm a hedge fund, what I'm positioned in right now is I own S&amp;P puts and then I'm short Nvidia, Tesla, CRA, uh, you know, Salesforce, whatever else it may be, right, on the single stock side. And that is what the offsetting trade is. That's essentially the the dispersion trade, right? trade, right? &gt;&gt; All right. So we're seeing how this has been uh the performance because when we talk a lot about it the dispersion trade we're talking about performance but we're also talking about volatility but there's kind of that um backwards looking performance side to it price action if you will. So this is kind of the very specific options constitution of that dispersion. So does this mean if the market makers are dispersed in this way that we should expect it to continue? Well, I think it it's an unusual position and I will just say, Oliver, that this is kind of new data we're looking at, right? And and it fits the narrative of the market right now, which is there's a lot of dispersion in the market, meaning individual sectors are moving a lot while the S&amp;P isn't doing anything. And that's been the theme that has really prevailed, right, for months now. and in a storyline that's been around for months and we look at core 1M and some of these different metrics that point to some of these same trades and ultimately this data sort of backs that positioning right it is in a lot of ways just evidence of the things that we have been watching and paying attention to &gt;&gt; okay um Brent is is it fade at your own **[21:29]** &gt;&gt; okay um Brent is is it fade at your own risk is buying the S&amp;P 500 as a whole then um counter to these market maker positions then am I you know is that kind of like a a risky trade in this type of environment then until this breaks until this all kind of coagulates back together. back together. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think what you have to do right is you have to have some sort of move that shifts people out of stocks and into other assets, bonds, etc. And so, you know, the Iran situation I think started to move people maybe in that situation a little bit and then we go, okay, maybe this won't be this protracted event. You know, I can't get into the geopolitical aspects because it's not my game here, but you know, that type of event where people get shoved out of stocks on the whole, right? I need to go buy bonds because I'm very uncertain about the credit market or geopolitical conflict, right? And so, I'm just going to start dumping stocks and it doesn't matter what I own. I got to sell those stocks. I got to buy gold. I got to buy oil. I got to buy bonds, right? That's the type of event where I think this would break. And anything inside of that where we're sort of like, look, there's an equity rotation. and I need to hedge a little because okay, maybe there's a little bit of conflict. You know, those sort of soft sell cycles I think aren't that big of a deal for this trade as we just saw here over the last few days, right? But if you get a material risk off and I think it would be something like a credit event, um that's where I think that this positioning unwinding could really make things worse. &gt;&gt; I see. Okay. So, that and that's what we're hoping we avoid. Obviously, unless of course you own the puts, you're looking for a credit event. Peter Cheer was um uh commenting last night to me on uh on X about that very thing. Um but generally I mean the bonds look fairly I know that the move index popped. We did get some volatility there but price action wise HY has held in above um lows for the last uh roughly since June last year. Okay. So you found some support in HY. I mean we're really trying to hold this thing up. So I I hope that that kind of correlation comes back to the upside. Last thing uh Brent because I want to address some of your uh fans in **[23:30]** want to address some of your uh fans in chat here talking about VIX volatility of volatility of course I mean it looks similar to the VIX chart and that it's upward trending and to the right however the high that was put in here yesterday for volivall does suggest that Volvall is kind of a little bit more bid just on the margin maybe than VIX because um you know I guess VIX yesterday too did put in that intraday high but it's kind of been up there for like three days whereas VIX you know This thing has just been like not moving for for weeks really. really. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that V-IX is ultimately an indicator kind of like S&amp;P skew, right? VIX is an indication of out of the money call demand or at least market makers raising the prices of VIX calls, right? Cuz you could have a situation where they just don't want to be selling VIX calls and so they raise the prices of them. And that's the same thing where we look at S&amp;P put skew where put prices are high, right? Those are both the same hedges in a lot of ways. And so what's funny about this is we're seeing the VIX VIX go up. We're seeing the S&amp;P skew go up, right? But overall the overall level of implied V is not all that high, right? S&amp;P implied V, you know, and the VIX is at 15 to 20. Like, okay, that's elevated, but it's not, you know, 30 or 40, right? Where maybe you would think if put skew was at 100 percentile, you would probably think the VIX would maybe be about like 40, right? So the point here is that there's clearly some hedges in place and we did a study on our website and you can see this if you Google spot gamma VIX that when the V-IX is at 125 or higher the forward returns over 5 days, 10 days, 20 days is positive over 70% of the time. And so there is this evidence that when we're hedged in this sort of way, it turns out to be pretty materially positive for stocks. And I think that's really quite interesting. So what do you take away from that Oliver? you take away from you take away from this that &gt;&gt; overall stocks are you know pretty well hedged I think you could say is the situation when we were looking at that you know from some of these metrics &gt;&gt; very interesting it just it's it's fascinating because so much still pushes **[25:30]** fascinating because so much still pushes me towards wanting to be long in the intermediate term but the short term there is still a very complex volatility dynamic that um needs to be shaken out and there's still a possibility it could be shaken out most easily easily by a high correlation drop to the downside. Um, but it's just you really I think have to have a strong view that something very dramatic on the geopolitical stage or otherwise is going to force that. Um, great context. Appreciate it, Brandon. Good stuff. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Oliver. &gt;&gt; It's a tricky environment for sure. It definitely is. Volatility staying so big for this long, volatility trending, and then volatility of volatility as well staying very big. So absolutely is um a fairly complex situation. fairly complex situation. &gt;&gt; And let me toss one one last thing in there. I think an effective strategy here is call overriding, right? You hold your spiders, you hold your S&amp;P core equity position, and you just keep selling shortdated calls on these rips. And and that strategy, every time we get into 6,900, we seem to sell off a good 1%, right? And then we bounce right back. So that that covers a lot of that volatility. And I think it's just a very effective way. Keep that shortdated exposure. just keep rolling those calls on a very shortdated basis because the premium is decent and and that strategy I think could pay out pretty well uh and bring in some income against a rangebound market. rangebound market. &gt;&gt; Nice. Love that. Um take advantage of some skew in the market. Thanks Brent. Coacha spot gamma great stuff. Scan the code get the flows report. I got Mr. John Ajarian on deck who I think is navigating this uh fascinating environment by looking at stock specifics. Let's go straight to them as uh the market is right now still showing a lot of green. S&amp;P though having trouble getting to that 6880. Just can't quite uh push it through there. Um but we're working on I mean we're we're trying. We're close. Mr. John from Market Rebellion on the line. What's up, John? John? &gt;&gt; I'm doing well. How are you feeling today? today? &gt;&gt; Uh you know, we're trying to make sense of this. I feel like from the index **[27:31]** of this. I feel like from the index position to Brent's point maybe it is just kind of you know sell anything beyond the range for the S&amp;P 500 but I know that you're watching some particular stocks. I do wonder if kind of the way you guys like to view things for stock specific options flows is kind of a way to avoid having to figure out this great mystery in Pandora's box of the overall market. the overall market. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I like uh and I'm never a big fan of of broad markets. I'll trade them occasionally. Um, but it's not our bread and butter. Uh, we like defining our bets um on individual names or uh individual asset classes like Bitcoin, like gold. And I've got some examples. I mean, gold today for instance, GLD, the ETF for gold. Um, that's not like everything from healthc care to uh retail and all that kind of stuff. No, it's a very specific bet. So when somebody makes a really big bet in a specific sector like gold, an asset class like gold, I think the odds favor me following that trade. That's what we do. So with uh the GLD trading at around 473, 473, they were coming in and they were buying the end of March, the 27th of March. So not the options that expire this week, the first week in March. and not the options that expire the second week or even the third week, the end of March. So, you have a fair amount of time in this one and they're betting that it trades back up towards 495 or higher for the GLD. the GLD. &gt;&gt; Looking at that right now, I just pulled it up from your guys' highlights here. So, the 495 calls um &gt;&gt; and people aren't phased, you know. I mean, we were just there what, two and a half days ago? Not quite. Not quite. We got to 490. got to 490. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and and what I really like **[29:34]** &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and and what I really like is um I like looking back at where we were on Friday with a lot of different stocks, um airline stocks in particular. And uh I I there's a guy that I'm sure you know, Oliver and even more the Wall Street Journal and he's on TV a lot and he was saying, "Hey, what happened to the 80 or 100 point uh or not$und point,$100 jump that some people were saying they'd get if they ever attacked Iran? It didn't happen. We got% for God's sake." So, I think it's because, as the president said, we uh uh we're pretty much ahead of our timeline. He thought it might take four weeks to do what basically Israel and the United States did in a day. Um I think the more that we've uh basically taken apart their defenses, and I do joke about saying, "Hey, they bought this stuff from Tumor for God's sake." Um, it does feel like that. I mean, I have seen some anti-aircraft fire and some heat seeker missiles that look a little more sophisticated, but for the love of God, for all the money they gave to the Russians and the Chinese, the Iranians are not getting value out of that from what we've seen. And I don't think that's AI. Um, I think we've pretty much decimated their command and control. um and uh taken down their entire navy as well as that battleship or whatever it was that was running to the Indian Ocean to hide and we took that one down with one of our submarines. We took out their only submarine and so forth. So, um I have a high degree of confidence in the effectiveness of the military and of the plan and it certainly seems to be doing **[31:34]** plan and it certainly seems to be doing a great job as we speak. Oliver. Um, and that's why you've seen the ball come down so dramatically. Um, as well as the opportunities in the market uh, get better and better every every minute of the trading day. Uh, I'm looking at Khi right now. Will Iran effectively close? Effectively, I think the key word here, the street of Horn moves for seven plus days. They're all below 50%, John. And a lot of people put this out there as the number one kind of Iran related geopolitical risk. So, as long as that number's under 50%, maybe crude is capped at 80 bucks. What do you think? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do think so. Um, we couldn't even get above the June highs for crude oil. And that's June, of course, of 2025. I mean, pull that chart up sometime, guys. See that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, look at that. Uh, there it is right there. Right up to it, and we couldn't even get couldn't even get &gt;&gt; through those highs. So, um I think that there's been a lot of bluster and a lot of miscalculation of miscalculation in terms of how strong the response would be. And by the way, thank goodness these uh the the the leadership while it was still alive over in Iran decided that, oh well, we're just going to attack everyone in the region. That's a brilliant ploy because number one, they're not very wellliked anyway. It's it's a different brand of the Muslim faith and in many cases the other countries that practice that don't really like this the sort that the leaders leaders &gt;&gt; Right. Well, there was also reports Saudis Saudis were were on our side. So, &gt;&gt; yep. That's kind of been my view generally too is that if you don't you know the whole kind of risk of the whole the reason why I keep saying to fade this idea of World War II is that um one is it's a lot of I think people have been looking for this for so long um this conflict to emerge but the other one is that the kind of triangle of bad guys Russia and and China are sort of **[33:37]** guys Russia and and China are sort of busy with their own things. Putin's playing playing desperate or God or whatever you want to call it in Ukraine and she is trying busy trying to keep up with our technology basically. Uh so that's where I feel that you know crew may be capped at 80 bucks. Um and I generally feel like I would just be better off as an investor trying to play the more solid stuff which is either tech which is AI which is myriad of other things. I mean there's stocks in here. One of the things that popped up yours I haven't even heard of is Dino ticker. I mean like there's so much stock specific stuff here. Um tell me about what's going on there John. &gt;&gt; Sure. Well um Dino I remember and I joked about it on our on our show this morning but um I'm old enough to remember Sinclair because that's the name of the company when they had these big green dinosaurs and they would give those those &gt;&gt; fossil fuels the &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and also, you know, it's kind of a play on that, you know, are they they &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; is oil a dead dinosaur anyway? um from you know the Jurassic period and so forth andor the the fact that uh a lot of the domestic production and these guys are domestic of course um is going to remain in high demand &gt;&gt; and uh they have fairly safe ability to hold on to it to put it into storage. By the way there's about 90 million barrels at any given time on the scene right now. That's not a dino trade, but I'm just saying that's how much crude oil there is floating around. And when you consider that, um I think uh the the little bit of turbulence that we felt over uh from this pop uh in crude oil prices and thus we'll feel it as far as gasoline and diesel won't be long lived. Um there's a lot of floating uh uh cargo out there that will be making its way to **[35:38]** out there that will be making its way to various refineries. It just won't be finding its way to China anymore. As we know that, you know, their sanctioned oil purchases, Oliver, oil purchases, Oliver, &gt;&gt; think of this. It's not just a cut off from Venezuela, not just a cut off from Iran, but it's also uh they're going to have to pay in dollars and they're going to have to pay uh a premium uh in order to get it. They were buying at a discount. So this has really hurt uh China right now at a time when um you know again you and I have talked about 4D chess and the president before but right now really could they wage war in Taiwan? I think you virtually neutered their ability to wage war in Taiwan for any period of time. Could they attack them? Sure they could. But if they chose to wage war there, uh that would be at the uh loss of how much humanity in China because they'd have no energy to get food to market or anything else because they have zero domestic um energy supply. energy supply. &gt;&gt; Like I it's interesting. I mean the the constraints that Ripple, you know, again, it just feels like there's a lot of ways uh the US could come out on top here. By the way, the dollar um which gave back a little bit today had a really good couple days too, which is kind of I think also something we're happy to see in a geopolitical event. Hey John, uh the last trade on your list today, Fizer, by the way, all bullish generally too. Um the chart for Fizer is kind of interesting because it was actually having a great start to the year. Put in higher highs and then now looks like maybe it's pulled back to some support to some extent. Um you see him buying calls there too? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we do. And you know, 8,000 calls, I know your viewers are among the most sophisticated, uh, but 8,000 calls is 800,000 800,000 shares of stock. **[37:39]** shares of stock. &gt;&gt; And just like that massive trade in GLD, that's 10 million shares of gold ETF, the GLD. So when we see any of these big sort of uh chunky purchases of you know hundreds of millions of dollars worth of underlying that's why we follow those and to see Fizer finally getting some love after like you said started off good and then came down somewhat dramatically. I like the idea of uh buying stocks when they do have that selloff and this is one of them. I see a little line there. I could probably draw maybe a little technical analysis here at 26 and a half bucks. Um, you know, a lot of lot of trading there. Um, and uh I do love a um I do love a a volume profile. Let's maybe see me throw one up here real quick. Um, just because u I do kind of like when you see areas that come come and go and then you you end up coming back to them. Um and uh there's a lot more trading at 26 1/2 bucks than there is um you know above it and it kind of there's a lot of trading down at 25 as well but it does kind of seem like this is a chunky little area maybe to find some support in Fizer. So I get behind that especially a chart that on the year to date was looking pretty good because remember a lot of people also were talking about rotation in healthcare uh and that entire kind of you know sector dispersion trade it was up uh in the first two months 11%. So not bad. So not bad. &gt;&gt; I agree. I agree. Um and the fact that the VIX came back so quickly and so forth it wasn't really supported up there at the highs. um you know the OVX as well and natural gas even and clearly Europe is cut off from a lot of natural gas for the time being because the uh the big LNG ships out of Qatar and so **[39:39]** the big LNG ships out of Qatar and so forth are not going through until the US uh is able to escort them. And uh but it seems more and more likely that uh uh the new regime when it comes in in Iran is going to be a lot friendlier to the US and our allies. Like it fade World War II. The theme of the convo in and out. I feel like our intelligence and our military ability has gone exponential with so much else in AI that they can't keep up with. But thus USA, thank you, John. thank you, John. &gt;&gt; Thank you. be well over &gt;&gt; dino for the energy play. Fizer for the healthc care rotation coming back in and gold as well for a tried andrue chart trying to firm back up. Thanks John. Three minute innovator buffer break. Then we got Chris Bretcher who's also looking at geopolitics. Remember he was the one that put the Cuba trade. I mean anything's possible. Maybe we're going there next. **[42:12]** With increased volatility, investors are bracing for large market moves both up and down. Will the market rebound 30%. Or will we see a 30% drop? At the end of the day, uncertainty remains a constant. Innovators floor ETFs are designed for volatile markets. They aim to position portfolios for market moves regardless of direction or magnitude. They are intended as a core equity solution providing exposure to US equities with built-in downside protection. seeking to deliver more than 70% of the upside and targeting a max loss of 8 to 12% annually with specified levels of sought after protection and upside participation. We believe the floor ETFs offer an evergreen strategy designed to allow investors to remain invested regardless of the market's direction. All right, welcome back to the show here. S&amp;P 500 basically where we left it. Still sitting below 68.880. Well within the range. looking pretty cozy right now on this Wednesday. But if you are a leader in the American crosshairs, **[44:13]** are a leader in the American crosshairs, if you're a bad guy on the global stage, you are very much not in the clear. From Venezuela's Maduro to Iran's Kame perhaps Kuba could be next. Chris Bretcher joins us on Zoom Trading.tv. Chris, you uh were telling me about this I think maybe the first hit you did on the show and I was kind of like what's this guy talking about trading Cuba stocks and now I'm like maybe we're going there. Maybe we get a tropical invasion. invasion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Did you see I just posted the link for you in the chat from uh what uh Lindsey Graham said. Lindsey Graham said. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That uh Cuba is next. &gt;&gt; Looking at that. Let me pull it up real quick. Cuba is next after Iran strikes. So, okay. I mean, I don't know at this point. I guess we're just clearing house of the uh of the uh what this category is of &gt;&gt; delay and that's why wind hasn't gone crazy. crazy. &gt;&gt; But go and look at like RCL and Hilton and Marriott. They just really popped yesterday. yesterday. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I have no idea. &gt;&gt; At 289. &gt;&gt; At 289. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I have no idea why RCL looks so great yesterday and so bad today. I I still can't figure that out. But um usually with these or what I've seen is that you'll see unusual call activity in all of them prior to something happening and uh but still I like Las Vegas Sands in here and you'll see it hasn't given up a thing. You would think with what happened in Iran and that they have a lot of property in Macau and all that, you would think that Las Vegas Sands would be down 10 bucks and it's held up like a champ. like a champ. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's got a interesting little setup going on here. I'm in my draw lines section of the &gt;&gt; Look at that. Look at that right there. &gt;&gt; What is that? So, &gt;&gt; um it's one of those it's one of those if I want to go uh not out on a limb, **[46:14]** if I want to go uh not out on a limb, you say respect the break in either direction. But basically direction. But basically &gt;&gt; on the bottom though, you have a lot of support at that 54 level &gt;&gt; and that's why we were leaning long there. Uh when like I said, you got problems. I think stocks going a lot higher once all this settles out but then you take um you know there are a lot of them I think the best play is probably floor you know you and I talked about that at what it was 45 &gt;&gt; yeah it went to 53 we just got back in it today it today so you know it's funny because we had the urge to participate at 54 and we backed away and now that it's back down in that congestion area around 45 to 48. We got back in. &gt;&gt; So, but we went out to June because it might take some time for this to happen. &gt;&gt; Uh now, uh Christine, the floor trade is basically remind us that's just materials like general construction, uh engineering, right? The idea that okay, uh they're going to start building stuff there. there. I mean, I thought people go to Cuba for like the antique architecture, but I guess it doesn't have to be that way, right? It's like making the best of a bad situation. &gt;&gt; Well, I've always thought &gt;&gt; people go for the antique cars. Doesn't mean they can't be modern. &gt;&gt; Well, I've always firepower. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, yeah, no doubt. But I also, like I've mentioned before, it still reminds me of Godfather 2 with Hyman Roth and all that with all the casinos there and then they had to get out of there on New Year's Eve because of the takeover by Castro that if you go back to a capitalistic society. I mean, that's a gold mine for casino stocks. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um I Hey, I I'm I'm with it. I don't mind that. I also just think that the casino stocks might just be along **[48:16]** the casino stocks might just be along based on the economic data. I mean today we saw ISM services at 56. We saw ADP employment 63,000. employment 63,000. These are not bad numbers at all. Uh I don't think the economy has gotten enough love. Uh numbers above expectations for private payrolls. Uh ISM services 561, PMI composite 52 roughly still above 50. It's just it seems like as long as there's you know this market doesn't like just collapse I don't know all the numbers look pretty good Chris our economic surprise rate is going up. going up. Well, it I mean I'm looking at it this way in awe is you had oil spike, you had BX got nailed, you know, private credit, &gt;&gt; you have AI problems, you have Iran, and the markets are what 1% from an all-time high. That's high. That's &gt;&gt; exactly. &gt;&gt; exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh you know, everybody talking about it's overpriced. It's overpriced. Well, the markets are holding up fantastic uh for now. I mean, I'm just in awe. And then you see like Korea getting ailed yesterday, South Korea market, the Cosby, and it makes you think maybe they got out of that and into the US that they're just rotating from one to another. &gt;&gt; That's a good point. I do like that point as well. Uh, all right. So, we're thinking travel stocks. We're thinking cruise lines and hotels basically for the Kuba trade. Lindsey Graham giving some ammunition to it. Maybe I should choose a better word for that, but you've been on it. So, nice eyes, Chris. Appreciate it. Thanks, man. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you for having me on. &gt;&gt; You got it as always. Thanks, Chris. &gt;&gt; Good good thoughts there on the Cuba trade. All right, Scotty Bower taking us into the closing bell. Prosper trading next. **[51:46]** All right, we're back here as uh equity is still holding their line in the sand. maybe going to extend into the bell here possibly. Mr. Scott Bower prosper trading trading session. Uh right now the market seems to be trying to maybe push a tad bit. &gt;&gt; Scotty, you might have froze there. You hear me? hear me? &gt;&gt; Okay, let's get him back in. We'll be right back. Certainty remains a constant. Innovators floor ETFs are designed for volatile markets. They aim to position portfolios for market moves regardless of direction or magnitude. They are intended as a core equity solution providing exposure to US equities with built-in downside **[53:47]** to US equities with built-in downside protection seeking to deliver more than 70% of the upside and targeting a max loss of 8 to 12% annually with specified levels of sought after protection and upside participation. We believe the floor ETFs offer an evergreen strategy designed to allow investors to remain invested regardless of the market's direction. man here into the bell. 10 minutes, Mr. Bower. Hey, there he is. What's up, Scott? &gt;&gt; Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there he is. There he is. &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; It looked like we were going to make a push, but I don't know. We kind of faded back down. 53 points for S&amp;P E- Minis, which just got hit actually there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little bit. We'll see if that's some profit taking off of, you know, the run today. And I'll tell you what I like about today's market activity and not just that it's in the green, but it was not massive swings like we've seen over the last couple days. This was just kind of volume picking up through the day kind of, you know, once we made that initial move earlier in the morning, it kind of just grinded a little bit higher. We didn't see this massive back and forth back and forth. That's a good thing for the marketplace. The market the market should be able to build on that. that. &gt;&gt; The range has been a pretty powerful holding. Yesterday we talked a little bit about the skewess in the market **[55:49]** bit about the skewess in the market &gt;&gt; and the idea of risk reversals as a way to generate income kind of um in the meantime as we wait. Give me the update on that here today, Scott. As uh volatility did come in a little bit. &gt;&gt; Yeah, V came in a little bit. The skew is still pretty extreme. It has come down a little bit. The opportunity still is there to do those risk reversals, but it's not as appetizing for me or probably for for some of the traders behind you there as it was yesterday, as it was Monday and last week. So, we might start seeing a little unwind of that if the market continues to rally. the um potential to rally here, Scott. Do you like to play it through the index or stock specifics? We've kind of been going back and forth. It seems like the index trade is a very tough one unless you're doing kind of what you're describing, which is kind of trade um the range that we've been in. Try and collect some income, maybe do it with a covered long stock position, you know. Um but then there's some specific companies that are that are kind of juicy still. Um, juicy still. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; our our bank trade we talked about fizzled a little bit here today about on pace with the market. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And and you know, it's tough it's tough to be a stock picker, but I think there's enough out there right now. enough stocks and across many sectors, not just tech or AI or whatever it might be, stocks that have gotten hit so badly over the last several weeks that I think there's some comfort in not just bottom picking, but starting to take some long positions there. I think it'd be really tough to just say, "Hey, I'm going to get long the market overall and whether that's in the DIA or the Dow or, you know, the SPY or the Q's, whatever it might be." I think right now it's all you're almost better off looking at some individual stocks and going that route. Anything that stands **[57:51]** going that route. Anything that stands out to you, anything that uh my go-to has obviously been tech and semiconductors, maybe not specific stock, but specific sector, which has been reliable, chart still looks pretty good. good. No, abs. Absolutely. I mean, when I see, you know, Nvidia now kind of grinding its way back higher as well, that that tells me that gives me a little bit more comfort. So, if I looked at the microns of the world, Taiwan Semi was a perfect one yesterday. It got so close, so close to major support yesterday. Didn't quite come all the way down. I had an alert set for about another $8 lower than where it was. It bounced really big from there. I still like the banks. I know the banks, you know, kind of flattish today, but pick any one of these. Um, I think OKO could be a real interesting one after earnings today. Broadcom could be a real interesting one after earnings today. That one's really big on my radar if if Broadcom happens to uh really take a dive lower here. Um, I I think these are the kind of stocks that if you're going to look out 3 6 9 months out. I'm not necessarily saying for a trade. If you're going to look out, there is really good opportunity in a lot of these stocks to kind of start picking at it and build a portfolio. &gt;&gt; Um, Scott, I like the idea of looking at some of these cloud related tech names because they just took such a beating. Um so Broadcom one of them. &gt;&gt; Um and maybe even you know in Oaklo uh from you know the perspective of the the nukes you know kind of being connected to the data center the &gt;&gt; AI trade a lot of stuff that uh people just just &gt;&gt; uh sold hard over the last you know 3 to 6 months depending which one cuz the last couple days those groups that were doing the worst now seem to be holding **[59:52]** doing the worst now seem to be holding in quite well. in quite well. &gt;&gt; They they really are. They really are. And I think that's combination of maybe the tune shifting a little bit and bottom feeders coming in that just said, you know, man, these RSIs were so oversold. Enough is enough here. Um, you know, certainly I I I'm not the one to go in and just say buy stock. I will always trade options around it. Whether it's by selling put spreads if I'm bullish and I do that when volatility is really high, when premium is really high or then, you know, buying some call spreads otherwise. But I love I love taking advantage of what I've been doing a lot over the last week, 10 days or so, is selling some bullish iron condors. So, I'm selling both a call spread and a put spread, but I've got a very bullish tilt to it, meaning my put spreads are pretty close to being at the money. My call spreads are are out of the money, and I'm picking up a lot of premium. There's a lot of premium to be had right now. And there are positions where they're 100% risk defined. So if you do happen to get a blowout move in either direction, okay, you know what your risk is. But really what I'm doing is I'm I'm I'm taking direction, but I'm also picking a spot here where I'm able to collect a lot of premium, collect some nice credits up front. &gt;&gt; I'm looking at the chart for Broadcom and earnings volatility high enough for that strategy to work selling the bullish iron condors. Absolutely. At this point, you know, if you were to do it right now with four minutes left in the day, I'd probably look at sometime next week expiration, not just tomorrow. I I don't like putting on iron condors with just one day to go, but if you go out, you know, Broadcom's one that that has strikes or has expirations, you know, multiple next week, so you can kind of choose your date. I like that one a lot. Um other other ones we have on I probably put it on a little bit too early today but um Apploven made a huge move to the upside. **[1:01:52]** move to the upside. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, that one got cooked as part of the cloud sell off. &gt;&gt; Huge move to the upside today. So that that's another one there. There's various ones out there that to me that's the way to play the market right now. And you can still take direction with these iron condors, but I'm a firm believer in taking advantage of this expensive volatility when it's there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that. Um, I do think a stock like Apploven fits right into the category that I am curious and interested in right now, which is cloud stocks that got beat up, thrown out with the AI bathwater starting to firm up, high uh, implied balls that give you some opportunity to generate income. And just to go back to the strategy, I just pulled it up here. I'm loving, by the way, the Google Gemini AI because it can just be an educational tool for us at any point, right? So, &gt;&gt; sell who needs me, right? I'm just &gt;&gt; I mean, hey, it's pair it up. That's what it's all about, right? Is figure out how it fits into what you're doing. &gt;&gt; Uh never hurts to have a cheat sheet in front of you while you're listening to the teacher. the teacher. &gt;&gt; Um and your your point here is income heavy, right? Sell the put spread, sell a call spread. a call spread. &gt;&gt; In incomeheavy, but risk defined. &gt;&gt; So again, you are protected 100% if there's a big blowout move in either direction. So you can base your your allocation, your risk allocation appropriately. I would never trade otherwise. So that's the beauty with iron condors. And I sell them when volatility when premium is really expensive and you're able to take in a lot of extra credit. &gt;&gt; Okay. I like that. Yeah. And to your point, doing it as spreads. Uh final look here uh at the S&amp;P minis. Um we're at 6878. at 6878. Yeah, definitely fading a little bit, but you know, we were we first got here at 9:30 a.m. at 9:30 a.m. &gt;&gt; I thought the data today looked pretty good, Scott. We tried to talk about it on the show, didn't get enough love, ADP **[1:03:52]** on the show, didn't get enough love, ADP and ISM. and ISM. &gt;&gt; We've talked about we talked about that yesterday how how the data that's really come in has been pretty stable. It's been pretty encouraging for the economy. I have a feeling that, you know, barring any any big geopolitical event tonight, we could see a nice grind higher tomorrow, but then by the end of the day tomorrow, I would expect some profit taking ahead of Friday's non-farm payroll numbers. payroll numbers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good uh thought with big number on Friday for sure. Uh good reminder. Almost forgot about that. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Got to get one on your radar. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um the numbers looking good. It seems like we have good economic data behind us. Market didn't fall apart and we just ebbed off about 20 points into the close there. the close there. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; That's that's &gt;&gt; That's that's &gt;&gt; that's again I I I think I think the market movement today is very positive. Not because we wound up in the green, but just because we didn't see that massive intraday volatility. So, I think this this could really be a nice base for what might happen moving forward. &gt;&gt; Yeah, pretty solid stuff. Thank you, Scott. Appreciate it. Scott. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; You got it. &gt;&gt; Good look there into the closing bell. Scott Bower, thanks for tuning in to Chicago Future of Finance. That's it. Have a great night. We'll see you tomorrow, 2:00 p.m. Central time.
