---
title: "CAUTION! - Is the Market In Real Trouble?"
channel: " Visit Income Navigator at https://www.incomenavigator.com/ for Income Trading, 112 Trades, Poor Mans Covered Calls, Strangles, Naked Puts, and Credit Spreads. "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: fwvLzZCMuHY
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwvLzZCMuHY
upload_date: 2026-02-11
duration: "13:51"
description: "Join my live trading sessions as I execute options on futures and demonstrate my trading plan. For live trade analysis, real-time trade management, strategic decision-making, advanced education, courses, and access to our trading community, join our Discord! "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# CAUTION! - Is the Market In Real Trouble?

**Channel:**  Visit Income Navigator at https://www.incomenavigator.com/ for Income Trading, 112 Trades, Poor Mans Covered Calls, Strangles, Naked Puts, and Credit Spreads. 
**Date:** 2026-02-11
**Duration:** 13:51
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwvLzZCMuHY

---

## Transcript

**[0:04]** Hello and welcome, good evening traders. Hey, it is February 11th. I wanted to come to you live after a market closed today. Market was pretty much just flat on the session today. Uh we were up, had a really good day uh in our account. I think largely due to our diversification of strategies and some underlying stocks as well as sticking to our plan. Uh that being said, let's jump in and I want to share some trades and some ideas that I'm seeing. uh out there that maybe don't make me so warm and fuzzy about things that are going on. So before you start to watch, whether it's me or anybody else, doesn't really matter. Don't copy what we do. Take some ideas, run them through your plan, come up with your own ideas because I'm seeing some people suggesting buying some leaps and stocks and poor men's covered calls and wheels on some things that don't look really good out there. I'm not going to, you know, get into it with everybody, but you've really got to make sure that stuff fits your plan and really do some research. Just because the market's going up doesn't mean it goes up forever and doesn't mean every stock's a good buy right now. I want you to at least be smart, look around out there, and understand what what you see. All right, that being said, let's look at our accounts. accounts. All right, here we are. Uh today we finished with 429 finished with 429 uh on our delta which is 09. So we are very very delta neutral in our account. Uh 1664 here on theta uh which is.35 which is still not bad about point4 is what we like to see uh on our theta. Uh we rose today to 471 458. So that's uh really good spot to be. We've uh had a nice month. We're up almost 11,000 bucks uh for the month on net lick so far and we've generated over $5,300 worth of realized gains. Our BP has dropped as well down to 44%. So that being said, uh we're in good shape. I love where we are. Very delta neutral a, you know, great buying power. **[2:04]** neutral a, you know, great buying power. Netlick is increasing. [clears throat] I'm I'm happy with exactly where this account is. Let's get into uh some trade ideas uh with you. So, let's keep moving along quickly along quickly uh here with you and let's take a look at the E- Minis out there. So, excuse my voice. It's a little raspy here, but uh let's take a look at the E- Minis here. So, overall in a day up $4.50 uh kind of a nothing day. A bit of a dogey pattern. Uh today, we're still in this bearish rising wedge, which does make me a little cautious here. the 8 and 21 are almost dead even. We are still above still above the uh 50 exponential moving average. That being said, get a bullish PR, you get RSI above 50, you're above the 21, the 8 and the 21 are pretty much the same. So, we're we're bullish. And if we pan out to the weekly charts, [clears throat] we're definitely bullish out here. Same wedge pattern. Uh but you know 21 or 8 above the 21 above the 50 uh things are rising. Uh we're all good here. Okay. But we are flattening out a bit on this thing. So I I still would be cautious. Okay. It's still bullish. I think it makes sense. I'm watching some of these fib levels for pullbacks. We pulled back the other day right to the 50 fib which was also a support level. Okay. That's a pretty key level to to watch uh in here. So bullish but man I'm cautious. We're struggling with this market right now. And it's a bit of a triangle pattern, too. So, a bearish rising wedge, a bit of a triangle pattern. triangle pattern. I don't know. We'll let's see. I'm not I don't want to poo poo everything, but just keep an eye on what things look like. Uh and then on oil, oil still looks good. We have tensions in the Middle East until this Iran conflict gets resolved uh out there. in one way or the other. Either we're going to go to war or we're going to call it quits **[4:05]** to war or we're going to call it quits out there and turn all of our ships around. [snorts] Don't know. Things don't look good. Uh we're staying elevated here on oil prices. And even though volatility's backed off, oil volatility is still pretty high up there. All right, gold looks still really good. Had that nice pullback, gave us a chance to get in. I closed [clears throat] another gold trade for a winner today at about 90%. Uh and then bonds, you know, starting to make this move higher here, but we're in a nice strangle. That strangle is up nicely today on this little bit of a pullback. Uh we're up 45% in 29 days. Uh so that thing could come off um overnight or by tomorrow or next day. So we'll see what happens, but we're in good shape on our bond strangle. So again, I'm sticking to my core trades of uh ES mostly 1112s at the money 1112s. uh oil mostly 112s, some jade lizards, uh gold 112s, bonds, strangles, right? Trade what you see and don't force that trade into everything that's out there. So hopefully that makes sense uh to All right, let's keep moving on here. Uh what I want to take a look at is some of these charts on the what I call the lag seven right now but not the the mag seven. Okay. Uh hard for the markets to do much of anything when five of the seven you know major stocks are barely able to get anything going. Okay. So Amazon down, Meta down, Google down, Microsoft down. It's hard to do anything when those are down. Uh Tesla uh was down most of the day rally towards the end. Uh and really only Apple and Nvidia are holding up there. And Nvidia is holding up the market in my opinion. Um it's doing all of the heavy lifting because the rest of the mag 7 looks horrific. But take a look at some of these charts. And I don't know if it looks better on the weekly or the daily. Let's take a look at the weeklies a little bit. Right? I want to get too **[6:08]** a little bit. Right? I want to get too crazy here, but this looks a bit like a head and shoulders pattern to me. So, you've got the In fact, we'll we'll draw all over my stuff here. Um, okay. But if you've got shoulder, head, shoulder, shoulder, neckline, okay, a bit of a head and shoulders pattern there. Let's look at Nvidia. Nvidia. left head right hasn't broken okay yet but again doesn't look doesn't look great okay but it hasn't broken it yet like Amazon uh has done here it's started to break down already let's look at Tesla really don't see the head and shoulders pattern here you might have a shoulder and a head but that's it so far if we take a look at Meta shoulder head shoulder shoulder head shoulder neckline in here somewhere along these lines. Doesn't look great. We're not at the neckline yet, so it's it's hanging in there. Apple looks good. There's not really an issue uh with Apple right now. If we look at Google, it looks okay. Nothing there right now. I don't know what Microsoft looks like. This is a giant cup and handle for the most part. So, giant cup. If we get a little bit of sideways action, this thing could be on its way uh down even further. So, uh, Microsoft not looking so great. Palunteer Palunteer left, head, right, neckline, right at this support that I had. Breaking that support doesn't look great on Palunteer. Hood, left, head, right, neckline, breaking the neckline doesn't look good. Okay, Broadcom, Okay, Broadcom, not quite as bad, but left head about right. It has not broken the neckline, so it's holding up okay here. SoFi, not really much of a head and shoulders. Kind of just a giant mess, **[8:09]** shoulders. Kind of just a giant mess, but it had this descending triangle and it broke to the downside. Uh here, uh Netflix is already on its way to nowhere land. Uh Boeing holding up very, very well out here, but I'm really talking about these major stocks up here. Those just don't look good. Uh if we look at AMD, it's just a mess. Uh there's a gap to fill. It doesn't look great either, right? So there's just a lot of stuff that I really don't like um out there. So again, not to be an alarmist or anything. I'm just pointing out some charts. A lot of the big tech names look awful, which is why tech is, you know, rotating a bit now into energy. I mean, the energy stocks look unbelievable. unbelievable. So another another big gain. I mean, this is a weekly chart, not a daily chart, but this is a weekly chart. This thing looks like a palunteer or something. So, energy stocks, uh, looking fantastic right now. Utility stocks looking pretty good. Um, industrials looking really good. So, you've got some sectors out there that are really, really showcasing uh, some good-looking stuff uh, out there as a whole. uh crypto. This thing just can't seem to to get anything going. But again, left head right neckline breaking. Okay. Not not a great looking uh chart here for crypto. Uh let's see if the 618 and the 200 day can hold their ground uh down here uh as well for crypto. Again, these are weekly charts, okay? Not the daily charts. So daily charts, you know, they may not look quite, you know, the same on some of these. of these. And then you've got stuff like this. Okay, so [snorts] you've got hymns, okay, getting the absolute snot beat out of it way down here. Is this a great spot to get in? I don't know. I am not good at catching falling knives, nor do I like them. You have a tendency to get stabbed. Okay, so let's see what happens **[10:09]** stabbed. Okay, so let's see what happens on hims. Maybe it's the greatest buy of all time at 16 here. I don't know. serious problems on hymns. Uh right now I've got some friends um in on andas as well. I'm not in it. It doesn't look bad. bad. Doesn't look great either, but maybe this is a nice uh you know wave two pullback and then we're going to head into something else. Or maybe this is actually the u wave four pullback and we've got a nice wave to go. So we'll see what happens on an as well. Uh Oscar, I don't know, man. This thing makes me nervous. Uh I don't like what happened here was a uh when we look at earnings, I'm still drawing. So about that. Let's get back to other things. Okay. Uh so when we look at earnings, I mean, they they didn't come close and [snorts] then they essentially came out with a crazy upside forecast for this year. I don't know how they're going to get there. Okay. How are you going to turn this company around? You know, did you take all of these charges? I don't know. They've got a a crazy forecast and people are buying it on a forecast. on a forecast. You're not buying it on real numbers. You're buying it on a forecast. Does that that doesn't make sense to me? Okay. You kind of have to show me something before I can jump into it. Uh and then UNH here, you know, I'm still liking this company a lot. I mean, they've done a lot of things here to get themselves into trouble. You got the Trump tweet that sent this thing down. You got the uh the earnings that didn't help them as well. Not great guidance. Not great guidance. I still like it. Okay. I don't know. Maybe I something wrong in my head on this one. Okay. I also like Shop down here. Looks like it's a little bit overdone on Shop SoFi. Maybe it's a little bit overdone, but it's got that, you know, that head and shoulders look **[12:09]** you know, that head and shoulders look to it, but this thing is a real uh a real mess. Okay, so I put on some puts down here around 17. We'll see if we can get filled on some of those. I like Broadcom. Even though it has that head and shoulders pattern that we were talking about here, uh it hasn't broken completely uh and it's breaking this trend. It might be hanging in there. Now, is Hood a buy down here? I don't know. Everybody says, "Oh, it's so tied to Bitcoin." Well, it's tied to Bitcoin a little bit, but they had great earnings. Isn't this the same company that was up here? I mean, yeah, Bitcoin's down, but these guys are doing so many great things. So, I think Hood and SoFi are like the same type of company, you know? So, maybe there's some some bright lights in there uh overall overall uh to see out there. I think you got to be cautious in here. a lot of these head and shoulders patterns. I'm seeing them in my dreams. I'm seeing them in my nightmares out there. I don't want to be the pessimist. I'm really a bull um at heart here. Uh but I think you got to be cautious and you got to be smart. Uh and you just can't just jump in and start buying things on this first pullback. And you can't just buy stuff that just tanked like SoFi and Hood and Palunteer right now. Okay, those are falling knives. I think you got to just let them breathe a little bit like a fine wine. Okay, let that thing breathe because right now, okay, or let it mature a little bit, okay? Because you don't want to unccork that bottle before it's time because it's going to taste terrible uh for you. So, let it mature, let it consolidate, find the bottom, okay? Be smart. But trade's your plan, not my plan, not anybody else's plan. Be smart, be safe, and we'll catch you guys later. Bye-bye.
