---
title: "Market Profile vs Traditional Charts | Which Wins?"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: L79Cuk1garg
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L79Cuk1garg
upload_date: 2026-01-29
duration: "24:55"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Market Profile vs Traditional Charts | Which Wins?

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-01-29
**Duration:** 24:55
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L79Cuk1garg

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]** Hello, welcome traders. Hey, it is Thursday night, uh, January 29. Uh, pretty wild day in the markets today. Uh, let's get into it. We're going to take a look at some charts. Uh, we're going to talk about some naked put trades. Uh, what we're looking for out there, see if we can find any trade opportunities, and we'll talk about some general charts and give you an idea of what's going on. Month is going well for us. Uh, accounts are in good shape. Uh I am doing a little bit more of the ATM 112 versus the 112 calendarized version because a I think the markets are getting a little toppy. Uh but they're still bullish. You got Apple coming out with fantastic earnings after the bell. You had Meta yesterday with great earnings. You got Tesla with good earnings. I mean things look pretty good out there. You got an accommodative Fed. You've got good earnings. You got the Meg, you know, Mag 7 and the Mega Cap Tech all doing really really well out there. Microsoft not so good. Uh but Microsoft hasn't really been super relevant as a stock uh for for quite a while. Anyway, I barely even follow that. So, uh that being said, let's look at what's going on out there in the markets and see if we can identify some trading opportunities for you. So, and then we'll talk about uh some naked put trades as well. All right, that being said, let's share and get right into it. Uh, let's take a look at the charts and I'm going to get off video here for you. And here's where we are. Uh, and if if you're looking like, Tom, why dude, why are you wearing a hoodie and stuff? I'll tell you, the price of oil is not affecting me buying gas for my car. It's buying gas for my dogone snowblower because I feel like I'm out there snowblowing every single day right now. Uh, the snow has just been relentless. The cold's ridiculous. Uh, this weather sucks. And uh hopefully you guys are all staying warm somewhere. Uh that being said, let's jump into ES. You don't need the commentary. the commentary. Look at what things are are doing here. Let's take a look at the uh the MACD here has certainly reversed off of these lows and is about to pop positive uh on **[2:04]** lows and is about to pop positive uh on here. So good reversal on MACD. Good reversal and rise on the RSI as well. But what do we got going? We got the eight, which is the blue, and you're going to see this on every chart. You got the eight above the 21, bullish. You got a bullish PR, bullish. You got RSI rising above 50, bullish. Okay, all of those things are great. And you got the stock itself trading above the 21 EMA. You got them all stacked here. Bullish, bullish, bullish, bullish. Okay, the markets are bullish. We're back up. Yesterday was an all-time high. Okay, so yeah, we sold off today. We came down, uh, we smacked right about on the 50-day moving EMA and then bounced right off of that. still closed down on the day, but you know, [laughter] we're one day off of an all-time high. Uh, this market's doing great. Uh, I think if you're going to trade in it, you want to trade with the market or you want to size appropriately. I use regime trading a lot here, which means uh what's the market regime? Well, the market regime in ES is bullish. Things are bullish here. It obviously is bullish. Uh, which means if I'm trading a bullish trade, I'm going to go in at the full 2% of my net lick. uh as my loss, max loss. Uh if I'm going to put on a neutral trade, like a strangle, uh I'm going to size down maybe like one and a half to 1%. Uh and if I'm going to put on a bearish trade, you know, maybe I find a stock that's bearish. I'm going to put on a bearish trade, I'm going to go probably one to to a half a percent in size. That's all you have to do. Size appropriately based on the regime. If you don't trade with the regime, then you just tweak down your size. Doesn't mean you can't find a bearish trade in a bullish market. Okay, just if you're going to fight the the trend a bit of the overall market, just size appropriately. That's all. Uh great opportunity this morning at the 50-day EMA. That was fleeting. Didn't last too long. If you were able to get in here, you may you had a great scalp for the day. Good stuff on the upside **[4:04]** day. Good stuff on the upside on the session. You could scalp all the way down. We scalped on the way up. But we scalped both ways today. Uh if we look at oil, what do we got going on here? Oil just taking off, right? Uh really good momentum. Look at the ADX line. This ADX uh is the momentum uh here. So we're looking at the uh 14 uh 14 period uh ADX. That thing is at 29 almost 30. So you've got strong momentum uh in oil. Now, we did run up, hit this previous resistance level and pulled back again today, a bit today. But this is getting going. And if we look at the oil volatility index uh here, which is uh the OVX, look at where this thing has gone. It's gone from a low of 27 and change a couple of 28 and a couple a couple days ago, you know, a week or two ago and now it's all the way up to 55. I mean, this is as high as it's been. You have to go all the way back to like mid June uh whenever some geopolitical tensions pop up. So you got uh Trump sending the fleets out towards Iran, threatening Iran, uh which is jacking up the volatility, which is also jacking up the price, which makes it very hard uh to trade in this market in this high volatility, high price. Uh because you can't really chase puts or I'm sorry, sell puts at these lofty levels here with it already taking off. What I want to do is I want to be entering puts on a pullback. Okay. I don't know why everybody thinks it's great to buy on a green day. We're premium sellers, folks. You should be selling on a red day. Selling premium on red days. Uh a So, we're in this. We've got a 112 and an at the money 113 rocking on oil. Those are in great shape. We're we're uh we're riding the wave up, but right now it's kind of a no-go for me. All right. on **[6:06]** kind of a no-go for me. All right. on gold. Gold just continues to go. This was an extraordinarily was an extraordinarily wild day uh on gold. Look at this thing. So, yesterday we had a good day, finished off of our highs, opened today a little bit higher, sold all the way off down almost to the 8 EMA. Then we gained all the way back up and ran way up here. Okay. And then we ended up uh I'm sorry, down for the day. Uh so little gap up. We went higher, we went lower. We still ended the day higher overall, but off of the highs of the session. Uh anyway, uh gold bananas. If we look at the gold volatility index, look at this thing going. You can't find gold spiking this high. Uh except back here in 2020. So March of 2020, March 18thish, uh March 13th, somewhere along those lines, that was the last time gold was anywhere near this volatile. Okay, this is exceptional volatility here. Okay, which means which means you've got the opportunity to sell premium, but what are you going to sell? Because you can't even find strikes high enough if you're going to sell calls. And you really shouldn't be selling, you know, puts at these lofty levels either, uh, because you could really get creamed, uh, if this thing does re reverse down hard because it is way overbought. So, I think gold puts us kind of in a a no man's land. We're in it. We're just going to keep riding it. Uh, we've got a 112 trade uh, on gold. Uh, we've also got poor man covered calls and income poor man covered calls on gold. Uh, so we're just going to keep riding this up. making a ton of money, hundreds of percent on this. So, if you're in it, great. If you're not in it, I just don't think see that the advantage of getting in right up here. That's crazy. All right, let's look at bonds. Bonds are in this downtrending channel, but really riding this 200, the **[8:08]** channel, but really riding this 200, the 8, the 21, and you're not off far off the 50 here. Perfectly flat. I think this sets up nicely for strangles uh in here. Still, still a good strangle opportunity. In fact, even ES is not a terrible strangle opportunity. I would I'd be cautious about it and I'd size appropriately in a bull market. Would you put on a strangle, which is a neutral trade? Well, you certainly you can just size it like 1% uh net lick uh max loss as opposed to 2%. That's all. Uh now, gold, I'm sorry, uh bonds here uh looks just like a great strangle. Hey, we just continue to uh to strangle this. It trades in this channel really sideways. Uh I good strangle opportunities there. All right. Uh at least what I'm looking at in my account. Uh you have to do your own research obviously. Uh this is just for educational purposes only. Uh Amazon. What's Amazon doing? A whole lot of like nothing in here uh on Amazon. A lot of stuff going on. Uh it's in this symmetrical triangle. We're nowhere near our high. So, we're lagging the market. Uh, we had a pretty nice uh selloff today down to the 21 and a bounce. I really like Amazon. We got earnings coming up in a couple days, but I think you just got to hold your horses here a bit. But if I was a betting person based upon what we're seeing from Apple and what we're seeing from Meta and others, I think Amazon uh probably primed to have a pretty good uh report except a little cloud services from Microsoft not so great. So that could be a little precursor on Amazon which might be the reason why it's not really climbing. So maybe a little uh kink in the armor there. All right. Uh that being said, not a bad looking setup. Uh but nothing for me at this point. We just wait for earnings. Uh Nvidia, we're in this. We **[10:10]** earnings. Uh Nvidia, we're in this. We sold the naked put uh on here. So that's how I traded it back here. When we came back down, bounced off the 21. anytime that I'm looking at a naked put trade and uh we've got a a pretty unique uh trading strategy. It's the dynamic income naked put and essentially that is selling a naked put out in time. Uh and then if I have to help manage the deltas, I might sell some calls against it either out of the money, at the money, maybe even in the money in different ratios. Okay, it drives cash flow, realized cash flow while we wait for those puts to pay off. And if we start and so while it's going down, we're we're making cash on the way down. And then if we do get assigned, then I will convert those into leaps and I will run either the poor man cover call or income poor man cover call. I only do it on stocks I really like uh that are high quality. So Nvidia soda put on that one. In good shape here. What would I be doing here? It's a little tougher to say, uh, but it's up towards the top of the Ballinger band. I don't think that this is a spot you want to be in, uh, right now. Buy the dips, people. All right. Here's a dip. So, Tom, you're saying buy this dip. Well, this is not a dip that looks like it's bouncing, is it? Okay. This looks like a uh a leg lower to me. So, this looks like something that wants to go down, not something that wants to go up. So Tesla decent earnings like the company moving from some of the cars that they're manufacturing to manufacturing the Optimus robots. Maybe that'll be great. Nobody apparently thinks so. Breaking this triangle, breaking this long-term uptrend. We've had this uptrend on for a long period of time dating all the way back to August of last year. Uh we've respected this trend line quite a bit and now looks like a bit of a break. We'll see what happens. Uh we are bouncing off of this support area here that we had in the aftermarket **[12:11]** that we had in the aftermarket right now. Uh mainly because Apple uh smoked it and things are going to look a little bit better for some of the MAG 7 I think tomorrow. Uh right now I just would be cautious on Tesla. I actually closed my position uh out here ahead of earnings. Uh we made uh quite a bit almost 90% on those trades uh over the last several months. Uh so in good shape. All right. Meta. Well, we know Meta had a phenomenal earnings report and it blew up here. It's like we filled this previous gap today. So, we filled the gap, but by doing that, we created another gap down below. Okay, I'm not chasing it. We're already in it. We own leaps on this thing. Uh, so we'll stay we'll stick with those. But now we've got a gap down below that we have to to worry about. worry about. Can't enter it. Keep an eye on it. It's a nice looking uh rebound here, but I just don't know what you can do with it. All right, Apple, right? Apple beat earnings. In fact, it it didn't just beat earnings, it crushed earnings uh out here uh by quite a bit. You you had um the revenue is really where I want to take a look at revenue. $5.4 $5.4 billion beat. Not just a a little beat, a $5 billion beat on revenue today. And of course, the earnings also 6% beat there. Great stuff. Uh it is definitely up after hours. Not up a ton, but it is up. Uh we'll see how the earnings call goes uh with this. Is this time to buy Apple? Looking kind of interesting. Hey, if I was looking at the naked put trades, uh it's a a high quality stock, although it doesn't have the growth rates that I typically like to see, but a good high quality company uh in here doing well, selling off down here around the uh the 8 and the 21day moving average below the 50. So, it's not it's down it's in this downtrend, but it's **[14:12]** down it's in this downtrend, but it's going to break this trend tomorrow. RSI climbing, MACD climbing, squeeze reversing. It's not bad. You might, you know, take a look at some puts here, uh, and selling those. Uh, I'm looking at this, you know, where where would I sell puts? Uh, I'm going to be very interested in this thing at the 200 day or maybe even the 38 to fib, longer term fib. I'd love to be selling down here if I can get some premium on these and I can turn these into a bit of a backs stop trade uh and then I can uh manage around those uh as well. So, I do like uh puts on Apple here potentially. Okay, so it's another one. All right, Google doing great. Had a good day today overall. We're heading into earnings. I don't think you can just buy it here ahead of earnings. I think you got to be patient. It did come down, hit this trend line and the 8 or the 21 EMA today. That might have been an opportunity, but that opportunity was fleeting uh when everything bounced. Uh Microsoft, I don't know that this is an opportunity. If you like it and you can buy it here below the 200, knock yourself out. Not my thing. Uh Palunteer here. Very interesting. this support level. This is the third time it's hit this support and bounced off of it each time uh and run higher. Now we got we're we've got earnings coming up. We could see this thing start to move. I would assume they're probably going to have good earnings. It's entering RSI wise entering below the 30. I mean, how much farther down are we looking? But I like I like looking at some things down below here. U I think there's an opportunity here. Even though we've got earnings and we really got to hold off, man, there's some opportunity to sell some puts uh down in here. All right, Hood. It's another one right at some key support areas. It's at the 200 day moving **[16:13]** areas. It's at the 200 day moving average in yellow. It's at this previous support which is not drawn exactly great. Uh, so that's not great, but off of its lows of the day, hitting the bottom of the Ballinger band. Maybe this is not a bad area. Getting oversold on RSI. Squeeze is getting longer, which eight bars on a squeeze is typically uh the average max before it starts to reverse. Okay, we're getting very, very close. Uh, what are we at? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven days. So, you know, in the next day or two uh on this hood may be another opportunity in here. Uh here's one I took today as well on AVGO. AVGO. Uh just keeps bouncing off of this support line. We dip below it, but really trying to hold this support uh for the most part. Not bad. Things look okay. okay. I actually got into a trade here today. We sold a naked put and I did that down here around the 382 longer term fib which is below the 200 day. I don't know that we're going to get there but we'll manage that as a back stop type of trade anyway. All right, that being said so far I don't like this break although it is hitting the anchored VWOP and holding here. It's done that once before and it's holding here. So this anchor VWAP is really really really holding up well. This could be a spot to bounce. I don't know. I sold all of my positions in SoFi this week for for wins before it really started to tail off here. So, I I did sell all my one was a loss on an income cover call, just a small couple hundred loss, and the other one was a gigantic gain uh in a different account. So, I sold two positions. Uh good results overall netted together. This has been in a squeeze to the downside. It's getting long in the tooth. I don't know that you jump in right here. You got earnings coming up. So, these earnings are tomorrow. are tomorrow. Yeah, Friday earnings. I don't know. **[18:14]** Yeah, Friday earnings. I don't know. Makes things pretty interesting heading into the weekend. Um, I think you'll just wait and be smart. I mean, if it rallies, great. I don't think you're missing anything here, but I think if you wanted to sell a put, it wouldn't be the worst place to do it. I also think Netflix down here really is trying to put in a bit of a double bottom and a base here. Not a bad spot either to sell puts. Uh Boeing crazy move to the upside. Huge pullback here. I think any further pullbacks. Um let's keep looking at this 50. Can it hold the 50? Put in a base around here. Then I think you could sell naked puts um and be in decent shape there. Um Verdive, loving this stock. It's doing great. We got a 112 trade on that. Doing just fine. I uh loving this stock here as well. Uh we're using this as an income covered call. covered call. Good trade. If we get any kind of a pullback, you know, to the 5021, I think that's where you can sell down here uh into some naked puts shop. I cannot figure it out. Okay. Why is this thing getting beat up so much? Obviously, we broke the wedge to the downside. Uh we're not in it. Looking for a reason to get into shop and trade it. It's been a good trade vehicle, but man, look, just sideways action uh since August of last year. So, pretty much sideways, not doing much of anything. A bit of a support area down here that it seems to keep getting close to and bouncing. Ballinger bands are still open to the downside. It's not a go yet, but something to keep an eye on. And another one I really considered today was Apploving. Okay, I I know earnings are coming up. I think this pullback here and bounce is another really, really good sign. So, there's some really good quality companies, bottom line, uh that have sold off and bounced. Uh let's take a look at UNH. Sold off here. The 3-day rule is in effect for about one more **[20:14]** rule is in effect for about one more day. We'll see what happens. Uh we are in a in a um um uh we're trying to fill this gap, which is what's making me hesitant about just jumping in here. Otherwise, I really want to sell puts. I think this is overdone uh and ready to roll higher. Uh, Novo. Uh, it's gonna try to fill this gap at some point. Uh, here's a big gap, but it's leaving gaps everywhere. This thing just gaps, gaps, gaps, gaps, and gaps everywhere. Pull back to the 200 and the 21 EMA. I think this is a good spot to consider puts, but we got earnings. So, earnings are really messing everything up uh right now. Bitcoin not holding up on uh on the uh support here. Let's see if it can hold. If it does not and this thing heads lower, then I think we've got some uh additional problems. Uh we could be having heading down u pretty good little distance in here. There's some previous areas down here around, you know, 75. A lot of people keep talking about these 75 levels. Uh something like that in here. I I don't see anything uh that's telling you a a perfect uh perfect level on it. But anywhere in here, I think is interesting interesting uh on Bitcoin. That being said, strategy having a a not so great day today, but we actually are making money on this. We sold a naked put in here uh trade and we've been selling calls against it. Uh we've already generated a couple thousand dollars in cash in the last couple days. So we've offset any drop in strategy. We're also doing this as an income covered call. Uh so those are in the money calls which are also protecting our downside completely and generating extrinsic. So we're fine. It can go down, it can go up. It doesn't really matter. Uh right now going down is actually not a bad thing, especially for our naked puts. We've got naked puts well out of the money. Okay, down here. Uh I sold around the 110 level. It's not **[22:15]** Uh I sold around the 110 level. It's not that far away. So, can we hit it? Absolutely, we can hit it. Is there a spot that it could stop? Have no clue uh on this one. We'll keep an eye on it, but we don't, you know, we're past the 618 fibs on this thing. We're in no man's land. We'll just keep selling calls and making money as this thing drops. Uh and then we'll figure out what to do with the trade. And then, uh Ethereum, loving it. Okay, it's sideways here. It's holding support a little bit better than Bitcoin. Let's see what happens. I like the moves down. I think it's getting ready to give us some opportunities uh here. And then uh we're trading this using BMU. We also have a Bitmine play as well uh going on. So we have both uh BMU and then we have a trade more of a trade than an income uh play uh on BMU, which is the 2x leveraged version. Uh and we're we've sold the three puts. Okay. And we also sold some eight calls on this thing. So, we have a bit of a strangle uh going on. The calls are shortterm, the puts are longer term. So, it's a bit of a calendarized strangle. It's up nicely as well. Uh so, pretty happy with with where everything is. Okay. So, overall, some pretty good stuff out there. There's no shortage of ideas. My thing to you is scale the size based on regime. Okay? If the market's bullish, which the market is right now, and you're going to still sell a strangle, fine. Size down to 1% instead of a 2%. If you want to put bullish trades on, 2% of net lick. If you want to put a bearish trade on, fine. What's a bearish trade? What's looking bearish out there? There's all kinds of stuff that looks bearish. Uh, you know, Palunteer looks bearish. Okay, you want to put a bearish trade on Palunteer? Fine. Just size it to like a half a percent to 1%. Okay. If you want to put a a bearish trade on uh what's another stock that's that's been dropping uh pretty substantially **[24:17]** been dropping uh pretty substantially here? Uh HIMS. Uh it has been dropping. I kind of like it here as as an option. But if not, okay. And you want to put a bearish trade on, fine. Okay. I'm not sure I'm going to put any bearish trades on no matter what I size. I will be happy to put some strangle trades on. And we're uh doing a bunch of those. So, I think uh strangles not a bad opportunity here uh on some of these on some of these stocks um that are just in the middle there. In fact, I think Boeing is a potentially good strangle opportunity. So, I just size it correctly. All right, hope this is helpful. Look at the regime. Look at what's going on. And we'll talk to you guys later. Have a good one. Bye-bye.
