---
title: "Trading Titan Podcast EPS. 8 2-26 2026 - Talking Trading and More"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: nejs3ZfmbKo
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nejs3ZfmbKo
upload_date: 2026-02-27
duration: "58:48"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Trading Titan Podcast EPS. 8 2-26 2026 - Talking Trading and More

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-02-27
**Duration:** 58:48
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nejs3ZfmbKo

---

## Transcript

**[0:06]** Hello trader friends. How are you? We're back. Tom, after one year hiatos, we're back. back. &gt;&gt; Been a Yeah, it's been a whole year. We you know, didn't realize it's been that long, but uh it's it's been a long miss talking to you. It's been it was it was fun. So, fun. So, &gt;&gt; thank you, Todd. It's been a crazy year. You know, I was in the golf business for 40 years, and my kids don't play golf. they don't give a crapola about my golf business. So, after 40 years, I decided to finally get out of the golf business. So, I've been working on that hard and starting a couple new projects that we can talk about at the end. So, uh you know, it's been it's like a reorganizing my life and uh instead of making it easier, I'm making it harder on myself. But, uh but that's why we haven't been able to connect. And how have you been? Tell me. So, Tell me. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, things have been great. It was a good year last year and uh my son got married last year. My daughter's in October. My daughter's getting married in a couple weeks, &gt;&gt; so they decided to just get married back to back here. So, that's that's fun. I'd been working on my golf game, so I actually felt like last year was my best golfing year uh that I've had in quite a while. So, I'm I'm trying to get back into golf. you're trying to get out of it, but I'm just trying to &gt;&gt; and uh and I kind of backed off some of my business ventures and just really doing the trading thing and uh it's it's been fun. been fun. &gt;&gt; That's great. I only played golf three times last year. Two of them with my friend Tom Sazov and and Bat. So, it's, you know, I you know, I &gt;&gt; played down in Mexico or something, weren't you? weren't you? &gt;&gt; We played, you know, the first nine holes, Tom shot 39. Can you believe it? I mean he he has a beautiful golf swing and he you know he used to play a lot of golf. He's very talented. So &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So my golf is going downhill but my my pickle ball game is getting better. So that's good. &gt;&gt; So I played more golf, a little less **[2:07]** &gt;&gt; So I played more golf, a little less pickle ball lately, but uh I'll get back into it. Weather in Cleveland, Ohio has not been conducive to pickle ball. So &gt;&gt; yeah, you know, weather here in Southern California, we complain, but it's, you know, 65 to 72, so can't complain too much. much. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll be back in a couple weeks. &gt;&gt; Too much. &gt;&gt; Too much. &gt;&gt; And um tell me about your trading. Uh how was last year and how how's it going this year? this year? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so last year was a was a good year. Had a had a good positive year. Uh made some modifications, not a ton. uh probably since February when we talked last um we had the I I had tweaked a little bit of the 112 stuff that I was doing and that really held up well. We had that little swoon over the tariff thing in April held up really well that and that held up really well. well. &gt;&gt; Um but I was doing a a spy leap campaign. campaign. &gt;&gt; I decided to exit that. &gt;&gt; Um I I've got &gt;&gt; that's kind of like my strategy. Uh spy selling puts on leaps on spy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I got out of that for the simple reason that I was just lading too many. many. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; So it was a it's a good it was a good trade. It still worked well. Um but kind of I had a mechanical approach to it and it it &gt;&gt; it had done well for quite a while, but I decided I decided uh I decided to to to go a different direction uh with some of my trading. Um still a premium seller. The 112 is still the core. I made some tweaks there, but it's still the it's still the &gt;&gt; the core trading. But I I moved from selling spy puts selling spy puts &gt;&gt; and having all that negative Vega &gt;&gt; to I wanted to cut my Vega down uh even more. So, what I went to was uh a little different version of a poor man's covered call. covered call. &gt;&gt; Um I I called it the income poor man covered call and I've called it now the dynamic poor man covered call. Uh but **[4:09]** dynamic poor man covered call. Uh but essentially I'm, you know, I'm buying the synthetics uh out there. And for me, instead of buying a like an 80 delta call a year out that a lot of people do when they're doing poor man covered calls, I usually buy a synthetic, which is I'm buying the call, selling the put at the money a year away. &gt;&gt; Oh, a year away. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I'm still a year out on a leap, but I buy the put or I buy the call, sell the put at the same strikes, which is a synthetic stock position. synthetic stock position. &gt;&gt; Do you normally get a nice credit for that or that or &gt;&gt; uh you you have a debit, but it's a less of a debit than just buying the 80 delta call. So, it behaves more like stock for much less much less &gt;&gt; money. In an up market, you've got that convexity. So, it really grows. it really provides a great backs stop uh for you. Uh but what I do instead of selling out of the money, I sell either at the money or in the money calls 90% of the time. Uh so it's really based a little bit. I use the 8 and 21 EMAs a little bit to give me a sense of the the direction, but direction, but &gt;&gt; on the same expiration or different one? &gt;&gt; No. So I'll do them weekly. So, I'll sell a weekly covered call either at the money. So, if we're bullish, I'll sell at the money. And if we're bearish, I'll sell in the money. &gt;&gt; Oh, covered calls. And I'm only shooting for the extrinsic. for the extrinsic. Uh, so I'm trying to collect as much extrinsic value at the money as I can. And if the stock is rising, obviously those calls are going to go in the money, which means you're every week I'm going to be buying them back for a loss. But I'm buying the but the only loss is the intrinsic value is the loss but the long long &gt;&gt; leaps that I have are rising by that same amount same amount &gt;&gt; okay because they're usually around 100 delta so there's no loss on the trade but you collect all the exttrinsic **[6:11]** but you collect all the exttrinsic &gt;&gt; well &gt;&gt; well &gt;&gt; can we do like an example would it be good good &gt;&gt; let me because I I want to you know I think our viewers are visual like I am visual So, I'm going to go to December. Can you see my screen by any chance? &gt;&gt; I can. &gt;&gt; I can. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I'm going to &gt;&gt; a little bigger here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Buy the call, sell the put. So, that's that would be your u stock replacement uh synthetic, right? uh synthetic, right? &gt;&gt; And I would do this on SPY, QQQ, things like that. Um as well, you can do SPX um &gt;&gt; uh as well, so you get the nice tax treatment. Uh, treatment. Uh, &gt;&gt; and then I would go how far out? One week, you said. week, you said. &gt;&gt; So, I'm typically doing a week. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, then we would go to the uh call. Uh, where is it? &gt;&gt; So, let's go right at the money. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this one. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, exactly. You can go and strike in, strike out, doesn't really matter. So, look at the extrinsic value that you get for that. get for that. Uh, Uh, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; it's a lot. &gt;&gt; That's what about 6,400? I can't really see. see. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's 60. Yeah, it's a lot. 67. Wow. Wow. &gt;&gt; 64. &gt;&gt; 64. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the extrinsic is 64. Wow, that's a lot. lot. &gt;&gt; So, you're getting $6,400 a week if &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; which is which is beautiful. I don't care if the stock goes up or down. It really doesn't matter. Um, &gt;&gt; right. And &gt;&gt; right. And &gt;&gt; because I'm doing this over time, not weekly. So over so that 6,400 is almost 1% of the of the price of SPX, right? &gt;&gt; It is. Yes. &gt;&gt; So I'm getting almost 1% a week. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; But you didn't spend, you know, if you were going to buy SPX, you know, what would that cost you right now? I mean, it's &gt;&gt; cost you 100,000 bucks. &gt;&gt; I know cost you more. You just bought it. No, if if we bought spy, it would **[8:13]** it. No, if if we bought spy, it would cost us, you know, 300,000, we'll say, &gt;&gt; right? So, but by selling that or by buying that synthetic, you only paid, you know, a fraction of that. So, you only paid like, you know, you only paid like 10 grand. like 10 grand. &gt;&gt; So, let's say if the stock doesn't move, you collect 1%, you're you're you're doing great. If it goes down then the following week would you sell the original uh at the money strike that you your you your &gt;&gt; go down I'll sell whatever the current at the money is. &gt;&gt; Okay. You don't care about your synthetic strike prices? synthetic strike prices? &gt;&gt; Nope. Nope. That's just a that is just a placeholder and a reason to be able to sell uh the calls. You want to do this on something that goes up over time and something that's been a solid &gt;&gt; uh producer. I it's a a great fund strategy in my opinion. &gt;&gt; And if it goes &gt;&gt; because you're buying that synthetic, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; you're only paying like one quarter of the price. the price. &gt;&gt; So technically, you're not getting 1% a week in extrinsic, you're getting 4% a week. week. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Because because you've only paid 1/4th of the price of the stock, but you're getting paid 1% of the price. Now, if you want to if let's say the stock is trending down, I would go in the money and sell the in the money &gt;&gt; calls as well, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, I'm I'm buying downside protection, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And you can't really go wrong unless this the bottom completely falls out. But if you wanted to uh if you wanted to sell in the money, you could go to maybe that um like the or something like that &gt;&gt; like this one. Let me move it down here to 25. You still have a pretty nice extrinsic of 50 bucks. So you have 50 bucks of bucks of &gt;&gt; downside plus another 40 bucks of in in **[10:14]** &gt;&gt; downside plus another 40 bucks of in in the money. So that's &gt;&gt; you bought yourself $100 of downside protection. protection. &gt;&gt; Yep. And yeah, even if the stock goes, it doesn't matter where the stock goes. If the stock goes down, you're going to keep the whole thing, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; If the stock goes up, uh, &gt;&gt; you're going to pay back the extrinsic when you buy it back, but your leaps have will have gone up as well, but you you bought you bought protection and you still get $5,100 a week on a, you know, $100,000 investment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But you're what you did to your overall cost basis. overall cost basis. &gt;&gt; So you're you're going to drop your cost basis if you would do this weekly. Let's just say you made 1% a week, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You do it for 52 weeks. I mean, you should reduce your cost basis more than in half, in half, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And plus you're keeping the extrinsic. So So &gt;&gt; I have a question. So you see this the original uh synthetic has a negative uh extrinsic of 15,000 bucks &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So uh that that's producing some negative theta for our portfolio right &gt;&gt; very little but it's going to produce some every week or cost you a little bit every week. every week. &gt;&gt; And when would you close this synthetic and reestablish it? How long? I mean, how many? how many? &gt;&gt; Probably when I get inside of like 60 to 90 days. 90 days. &gt;&gt; Okay. 60 to 90 days. Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Or and what's happen been happening is because these have been moving up like SPY moved up great last year and QQQ moved up great last year. &gt;&gt; U you know, you could close those out as soon as you hit a 100% gain on the whole thing. uh you can close them out or if you've got a decent amount of gains because all of those offsetting uh intrinsic values, uh intrinsic values, if the stock keeps going up and I keep selling the calls for a loss, I'm still winning **[12:15]** winning &gt;&gt; because the longs are going up more than the shorts because the longs are at 100 delta delta &gt;&gt; and your shorts are at 50 delta. So, even if it goes up 10 points, okay, I'm going to make twice as much on the longs as I would lose on the short. At some point, you may want to realize those kind of stored gains or so that you have um right on the longs and then start again. again. &gt;&gt; Now, let me ask you, so what if the stock rallies like crazy during that week? You would take the loss on the uh on on the short call on the 7-day call? &gt;&gt; Take the loss on the short call. Uh, and then I would then I would &gt;&gt; I would just reestablish a new position for the following week &gt;&gt; because the the longs would have gone up the same amount the same amount &gt;&gt; or more &gt;&gt; or more &gt;&gt; because there's going to be &gt;&gt; close the whole thing and be done and get a win, get a win, &gt;&gt; right? There's going to be weeks that the um, you know, the stock market goes up two or 3%. So, you're going to have three or four let's say bad weeks, right? right? &gt;&gt; You could have more than that. I mean, you could have you could have Yeah, Yeah, half of your weeks could be buying the intrinsic. It's okay. intrinsic. It's okay. The only thing you and if you're going down, you're going to be in fact micro strategy or strategy now. I did this on that one while it fell and I made 20% returns on strategy after it dropped 40%. I made 20%. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Because all I was doing was selling in the money. the money. &gt;&gt; Okay. So the same process was I was selling in the money getting paid the extrinsic plus the prot I had the protection so while it was going down I was I was actually making plenty of money plenty of money &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; that one actually worked out pretty well so something to think about. &gt;&gt; Well no I I love it. I you have &gt;&gt; and your Vega is positive. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Wow. &gt;&gt; So if you have a volatility spike &gt;&gt; right it's a beautiful thing. **[14:17]** &gt;&gt; right it's a beautiful thing. Now, let me ask you, if the if your long call starts going up a lot, would you buy would you verticalize your the put and make it a put spread or you wouldn't waste that the money on that? &gt;&gt; I typically don't do that. Um I would either buy it back. One thing I do I do do um is do um is &gt;&gt; when I put that synthetic on, I buy a what I call a disaster put or protective put at the same time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. about 20% below the current market price. price. &gt;&gt; Oh. Uh okay. Right away or only if &gt;&gt; so it'll act as a so I can only lose so much. So my you know I define my risk on the synthetic long. the synthetic long. &gt;&gt; Right. Would you do that immediately or after it went up? &gt;&gt; Typically I do. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; I typically do it immediately. But yeah, you could hold off if you're in a good uptrend and just wait until maybe things don't look as good. Then you can uh as soon as it starts to roll over, drop your protective put on &gt;&gt; uh at that point. And &gt;&gt; so let me see. 20% would be $1,200. That that would take us to 5600, 5600, let's say. That's another &gt;&gt; That's anotherund That's another 12,000 of of extrinsic that we're So now instead of being 15,000 negative on the extrinsic, we're going to be 27,000, right? Negative on extrinsic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. As long as you're buying that put. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yep. So, it's gonna almost mimic it's going to mimic the same deltas and everything that you would if you bought just the 80 delta &gt;&gt; call instead, but you're going to do it for so much less of a cost than buying the 80 delta. the 80 delta. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's significantly cheaper. &gt;&gt; Let Let me ask you something else. Why Why don't you buy the synthetic **[16:19]** Why don't you buy the synthetic uh on on the same week? That way the intrinsic is much less, right? Or no? &gt;&gt; You mean go week to week? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you're selling the the week toe co covered call co covered call &gt;&gt; you you would &gt;&gt; you could do the week toe synthetic and pay much less extrinsic. But I don't know. know. &gt;&gt; You could and if you go in, you know, but if we go in the money heavy on anything and I try to avoid like crazy stocks. I mean, I'm just &gt;&gt; buy QQQ. &gt;&gt; buy QQQ. &gt;&gt; Um, I did it on Hood last year as well, which worked out really well. &gt;&gt; The great thing though is the convexity that you get from the long leaps &gt;&gt; because those are going up. So if you're buying the right asset &gt;&gt; that's moving up, you're making a lot of money on the longs. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you're making the extrinsic always. You always get the extrinsic. You you you always will make the extrinsic on the short. And the only difference is sometimes you'll have to pay intrinsic back when the market rallies hard, but your longs go up twice as much. So &gt;&gt; uh it's been a pretty good stable trade. You can't look at your P&amp;L for like the first 30 to 60 days because markets can be going up and down and you're buying back, you're selling, you're buying. Okay, it can be a little bit unusual for the first month or so. But then once you get into about months three and four and you just keep compounding most of these get to 70, 80, 100% by, you know, by about 30 to 40 weeks or so, &gt;&gt; as long as the stock's moving higher. What would a 100% be in your mind? How do you calculate that profit? &gt;&gt; Uh, it'd be a double on the cost. Uh, for me, for me, &gt;&gt; double on the cost. Okay. If we spent, you know, 170 debit, you're at 350 or something like that. something like that. &gt;&gt; I'd be at 350 by 40 50 weeks in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Wow. Well, that's an incredible trade. &gt;&gt; It's been a really great trade. And if **[18:20]** &gt;&gt; It's been a really great trade. And if the market rolls over at all, A, you could just get out if you wanted or B, you can just start writing in the money and now you're buying protection plus getting extrinsic at the same time. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; It keeps your deltas very I mean I'm very delta neutral. I'm slightly positive delta. positive delta. At one point uh you know Tom and I had Tom Sausnoff and I had talked and you know he had mentioned staying below like 02% delta on my net lick and about 4% theta or less and that's about what I I'm pretty much there all of the time. So my theta is always about 4% of my net lick and my my delta is about 2% of my net lick. So I'm always So I'm more positive. He's more negative, right? He loves to be ne negative delta. But I like I like being slightly positive delta because the markets drift up over time. &gt;&gt; Now for our viewers that are not looking at percentages, for every 100,000, what what what delta are you looking for and what theta? Let's say if your account was 100,000 bucks. was 100,000 bucks. &gt;&gt; If your if your account's at $100,000, okay, and you're going to do a 0.2% 2% you're going to be looking about 200 deltas. deltas. &gt;&gt; That's correct. &gt;&gt; That's correct. &gt;&gt; 400 theta. 400 theta. 200 positive deltas for me on a $100,000 account. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; And I would like my Vega to be roughly the same as my theta. Negative Vega. So I might have negative 400 Vega at positive 400 theta. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's pretty much how how I like to trade, too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, 200 200 long deltas per $100,000 is I mean it's not nothing, but it's very reasonable, very reasonable, &gt;&gt; right? It's very &gt;&gt; I'm not shooting for I'm not trying to hit 10% a month. I'm trying to get 2% a **[20:21]** hit 10% a month. I'm trying to get 2% a month or something uh out there so I can double my money every three years. It's I don't need Yeah, I don't need to go crazy. crazy. &gt;&gt; You know, I trade for 1.2 1.5. I know you trade for two or 3% a month. trade a little different, but yeah, definitely. &gt;&gt; And on your 112s, you you still do a 50 wide trap starting at the 25 delta or have you changed that? &gt;&gt; I've changed it up a bit. Uh, and I changed it at the start of this year in January. January. &gt;&gt; Uh, because I've got a little bit of a bearish bearish thought mark, you know, thought process going in the market right now. I'm not super bullish on where the market's going. Uh, so going. Uh, so &gt;&gt; let me &gt;&gt; let me let me go where would you go? April 49 days or more? days or more? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm gonna go 60 days. &gt;&gt; 60 days. &gt;&gt; 60 days. &gt;&gt; I'm going to go 60 days. &gt;&gt; So, April 30th, I'm here. Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. And I'm actually going to go right at the money and go about 100. Yeah. Well, let's see. We're in SPX. We can do that. I'm going to go at the money. So, right there at the money, I'm going to sell the 6870. sell the 6870. &gt;&gt; Oh, you sell. Oh, &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. I'm gonna buy it. Buy it. I'm sorry. My sorry. My &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Yep. And then we go 100. &gt;&gt; Then go uh 100 points lower. &gt;&gt; Okay. Before you used to do 50, right? &gt;&gt; I if I remember correct. &gt;&gt; Uh 50 wide most of the time. I started to go 100 wide most of last year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's a little bit more and it didn't hit any of these. They never actually went in the trap. But, uh, if you go 100 wide, you can go 50, but if you go 100 wide, it's what, 670? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then it's 30. &gt;&gt; And then I'm still around seven delta. &gt;&gt; What credit are you looking for? Uh, &gt;&gt; since I'm on ES, I don't know how it **[22:23]** &gt;&gt; since I'm on ES, I don't know how it Let's Let's &gt;&gt; Well, just tell me a number. Let's say it's a $29 it's a $29 delta. delta. &gt;&gt; It's going to give you about 50. Yeah. Go down to about seven delta. &gt;&gt; 7 delta. &gt;&gt; 7 delta. &gt;&gt; 7 delta. I'm almost here. Okay. Here we are. are. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There you go. &gt;&gt; I'm going to do the 5870 just because it's uh it's uh &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; It's a round number. &gt;&gt; You can do two of these or you can do one, you can do two, you can do three. It all depends on your account. So for me, I was doing a a 112, &gt;&gt; but because of my account being larger, I was actually doing 224, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; most of the time. So I've moved to a 113, 113, which is giving me a pretty good setup. And I actually have less risk now because instead of a 224, I have a 113. So when there's three or four of these on, instead of having 12 naked puts, I only have nine naked puts. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. So it's I've I've reduced my Vega even more on these. So if you look at your if you put this up on like a curve or analysis curve there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Let me try to see it. Let me try to do it. Okay. Boom. Boom. Boom. Analysis. Analysis. Paralysis. There we are. &gt;&gt; Have something else on? &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I I thought I you know I love tasty trade but the &gt;&gt; thing that drives me the the most bananas I think bananas I think &gt;&gt; I think our swim is much better the analyze tab than here &gt;&gt; and then kind of let's see what is &gt;&gt; let me see let me I don't know &gt;&gt; something does not look right on here &gt;&gt; I can't see as well so &gt;&gt; I know I know there's something I'm I'm not an expert on the &gt;&gt; so no just turn on It's hard for me to see. Uh, turn on the U. You can see in the background. There you go. &gt;&gt; There it is. There it is. There it is. **[24:23]** &gt;&gt; There it is. There it is. There it is. There. Okay. Now, now it looks correct, I think. Right. I think. Right. &gt;&gt; So, that's that's that's pretty much what that looks like for me. Yes, there's risk to the downside. Uh, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; On it. And I risk u I would take a 2x loss on those naked on on the entire trade. trade. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, if this would fall, I would take a 2x loss, which would be about a about a $6,000 loss. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. Because it's a 30 credit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, which is okay. which is okay. &gt;&gt; Would you close it if if if we got a $30 credit, would you close it at at 90? Right. That's a $60 loss. Typically, I'll close at 90% profit target and I'll close at a close at a uh 2x loss. But if we're in the trap at all, I may let this I if we're at least above the halfway point of the trap &gt;&gt; and we're getting closer to expiration, I will let this thing go because it'll start to hit 100, 110, 150, 200% return when you go. when you go. &gt;&gt; Let me ask you, when do you find that you hit the loss? I mean when it's uh past the trap or is it at the end of the trap? I mean the I mean look at you can look at your T plus zero line here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If you went you know if your if your loss was equal to the right about there go back a little bit more. Just a little bit more left. bit more left. &gt;&gt; So there right $9,000 kind of &gt;&gt; 60 about &gt;&gt; 60 about &gt;&gt; 6375. &gt;&gt; 6375. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So if we went there tomorrow, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; I would that would be stopping out. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; If we go there tomorrow, we would I would stop out. would stop out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But if you're But as time decays, this thing really starts to pay off well. And **[26:24]** thing really starts to pay off well. And &gt;&gt; uh on on this trade, you're you're making a you know, a pretty decent amount. If we only go up or only stay because the trap is so much higher here, you have a chance to to make some really good payoffs. good payoffs. &gt;&gt; Of course, &gt;&gt; Of course, &gt;&gt; on this. &gt;&gt; on this. &gt;&gt; Of course. When you say 90% profit, is it 90% of my original credit? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So, if I made $30, I would You would close it when you made $27 of the $30. Something like &gt;&gt; at 90%. Yes. When I've made 27. Yes. I would I would do that. Yep. &gt;&gt; And normally one day &gt;&gt; after 60 DTE trade on 60 DTE trade that will take 45 days. Takes 75% of the time to hit 90% of the profit. &gt;&gt; Oh 75% of the time to hit 90%. Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; That's pretty interesting. &gt;&gt; So this it'll come off in 45 days. Now, did you move the trap uh at the money because you wanted to take more wins at the trap instead of far away or why did you move it up? &gt;&gt; Yes, because I'm I'm not as bullish on the market right now and I have a lot we have a lot more chop going on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So even if you and if you if you can if you want to to go over to the uh well you we can look at how the T plus0 line moves up over time as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; maybe we're getting too deep. I don't know. But know. But &gt;&gt; no no &gt;&gt; no no &gt;&gt; go to back to the analysis arrow on the far left in the upper right there. &gt;&gt; Um where you were adjusting what what uh &gt;&gt; there. Yeah, &gt;&gt; there. Yeah, &gt;&gt; right there. And then so just go down to like evaluate a date and just start ticking it up by one, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it starts going up like crazy &gt;&gt; right now. Keep going a bit. I don't know how many days you're in, but &gt;&gt; I'm in April 1st. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, go back to the Now, let's take a look at this whole thing without that **[28:25]** a look at this whole thing without that box. box. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Can you see that even if you're outside of the trap, you're still making more than 100%. Of course. Yeah, that's a huge win. Yeah. huge win. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So, even if we go slightly higher or we're not even in the trap, we're making more than 100% on this trade. We could make 110 120%. If we rock it higher, then I'll I'll take my 90 and be done. My 90%. So, hopefully that makes sense. &gt;&gt; I like it. I like I like this trade. Just don't put a million of them on and don't overleverage and don't ladder 16 of these things. But um I've only got a couple of these on at a time and u it's not it's only you know a third of the portfolio because those income poor man covered calls make up a large you know a large percentage and those income covered calls because of the positive Vega they offset some of the Vega problems that you have by putting these types of the 1112s on which is as we know can be a vega a vega problem. So &gt;&gt; it it can be a sure a big a problem for sure. So no, that's interesting. So you're doing 112s or or 111 ratio, a little less than 112, &gt;&gt; 1112 or 11 one anything that makes sense for you. Uh I'll also put on some trades that I call like a BA11 or BA112. Essentially, what I'll do there is I will slide that naked put all the way to the left until I have almost no credit for the trade. for the trade. Okay, which I did a couple of those recently. So, you're looking at like a 4,000, 4,000, you know, make it put it like 4500 or something, which is right way down there. Doesn't mean we can't get there, &gt;&gt; okay? But I've made this really giant trap that if the markets aren't super bullish for the next couple weeks or a month or so, we're going to make only **[30:27]** month or so, we're going to make only trap profit, which is we have no risk to the upside, the upside, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We won't make any money if the markets go up, but we have no risk to the upside. Um, and we have a large trap profit, which we can make, you know, three or four times the the amount. &gt;&gt; Something to think about. &gt;&gt; No credit. No credit uh no credit trap cr uh trade you would have to leave on for a little bit longer. No or no? &gt;&gt; Yeah, because you you've got to wait for that decay to happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because you don't have the the credit to take the 90% profit. &gt;&gt; So I these are all more of like a dynamic type of a structure where the put debit spread you move it up or you move it back depending on the regime that we're in. If we're in a bullish market, the eight above the 21, higher highs, higher lows, then great, move the trap back and then just keep playing for uh more income at the beginning. You know, that more to that 25 delta long put. If we get into a neutral market, which I think we're in right now, where the eight's actually below the 21, but it's close, we could be in a bearish market. So, we're neutral to bearish on the S&amp;P right now. So I move the put debit spread all the way up to at the money because I want to collect more of that trap profit. If we just kind of drift sideways or lower and then the same thing works on those income covered calls where hey in a bullish market then I'm going to go out to maybe 30 delta on the out of the money covered calls. If we're in a neutral market I'll be at the money. If we're in a bearish market I'll be going in the money. So I'm adjusting my delta of the trade because you could have a negative delta poor man covered call which is fine you know when if a stock is falling is falling &gt;&gt; you know I actually have something different than that. So I have in the money deep deep in the money **[32:27]** in the money deep deep in the money calls six months out. &gt;&gt; Mhm. and then I'm selling more aggressive short-term puts against those. So, it's it's not the same, but it's similar. It's backwards. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Same when you're selling out of the money naked puts on something &gt;&gt; and then I'll sell calls against it depending on what the regime is. So if I sell a put on &gt;&gt; the S&amp;P, &gt;&gt; the S&amp;P, &gt;&gt; I, you know, I turn it into kind of a pseudo strangle, like a calendarized strangle strangle &gt;&gt; kind of. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because I'll be selling maybe a shorter term call on a longer term out of the money put just to generate some income depending on what the market regime is, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; That's very interesting because I'm doing something this. It's different, but it's kind of the same. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So selling the in the money call. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is giving you downside protection, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And then you're selling the um you said you're selling an in the money put or an out of the money put. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you exactly. My in the money calls right now on S&amp;P are the 6100 and the 5800 for June. And I I've already had them since December. So, those have paid a little bit, right? And then I sell I sell puts against it. I like I'm selling the 6750s, the 6700, 6650s, you know, against those. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, it's kind of I mean, it's not the same, but it's kind of the same. &gt;&gt; It very much is. I mean, you know, so you're you're you're just protecting your downside with those in the money calls, but you're still getting paid some extrinsic value from those. **[34:29]** value from those. &gt;&gt; I am. And to protect &gt;&gt; And is your put in the money? Did you say your put was in the money or it's close? close? &gt;&gt; It's uh No, it's like u it's like a 30 delta put. delta put. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Because if you're if you could even, you know, so you you're going to collect extrinsic from both ends and you've got downside protection with the calls &gt;&gt; and the calls are shorter term, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's why No, the calls are longer term. The calls are longer term and the puts are shorter term, which is backwards. Yeah. backwards. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and selling those puts on your end like a 30 delta put, that's the same as buying the stock. buying the stock. &gt;&gt; So it's really your base position. And it's the same thing as the as that that I'm doing a little bit is selling a put is the same as a covered call. &gt;&gt; When you sell a put, it's a covered call. You you're technically buying the stock and selling a call. &gt;&gt; Now you're just selling a another call &gt;&gt; on them, &gt;&gt; on them, &gt;&gt; right? And you know, to protect my butt. So I'm buying big ass wide butterflies. Let's say my calls are in June. So, I bought this 7,000 bought this 7,000 7500 butterfly to protect my butt in case the stock market rallies a lot. So, I don't want to lose money on my short calls. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, I have this big ass trade to the right in in case we start rallying. Of course, all my puts are going to be profitable, but my calls are going to suffer some pain. my in the money call. So at least this butterfly I'm thinking if we go between 7,000 and 7500 I'll make you know make you know 250 200 points something like that that can protect the uh the losses on the calls calls &gt;&gt; just in case. So &gt;&gt; you're still going to collect extrinsic and if you're rolling them every you do them monthly or you said June so you're **[36:32]** them monthly or you said June so you're out three months or so but &gt;&gt; I always like to have them six months out. So out. So &gt;&gt; maybe in March I'll roll those uh June to September calls. to September calls. &gt;&gt; Okay. But uh I have this mindset but maybe I should switch to your mindset which is easier to understand that because when you have deep in the money calls you don't even know you know you don't know how much money you're making &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; and when you so the the key too is and it is really hard for a lot of the members of our income navigator group to get their head around it because everybody's used to selling out of the money calls out of the money calls and no And no one's not, you know, they, oh, in the money, all I'm doing is losing money every week. I'm like, you're not losing money because your longs are going up. You're just, all you're focused on is the buying back at a loss, and you're not looking at the unrealized gains. Now, of course, they're unrealized, not realized. unrealized, not realized. &gt;&gt; So, at some point, you want to realize those gains, but you got to take the long-term approach on these types of things and and and let them &gt;&gt; let them cook. But the one of the best thing to do is if you have some sort of tracker, I have a spreadsheet. Track your exttrinsic on those in the money calls and that's going to make you a whole lot happier when you realize how I just made just made &gt;&gt; $10,000 worth of exttrinsic &gt;&gt; even though I had to buy them back or roll them for a loss, but my puts went up, up, &gt;&gt; you know, you know, and I made money there. So, there. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just got to track the track the extrinsic and not just the P&amp;L. So you can tell your income navigator guys that you know this idiot that sells in in the deep in the money. &gt;&gt; I like your idea. I was toying with the idea of selling in the money puts which is the same thing as a covered call. call. &gt;&gt; It is it is a covered call. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it's it's easy and you can roll. And everybody gets worried that oh aren't you going to get assigned? You're going to get assigned. You're selling in the money and you're not getting assigned you know. Well, you're not going to get assigned if you're on SPX either, but it's not be cash. But, uh, so you have **[38:34]** it's not be cash. But, uh, so you have no risk of assignment. But if you're doing SPY or stocks or something, the only time you're going to get assigned is it a close to expiration and b when there's no exttrinsic left. So, I'm rolling those calls rolling those calls when I get to like an 80 or 90% of the extrinsic is gone. I roll the call. Okay? So, I roll when my extrinsic is is is getting low, but it's not when it's zero on the last day. I'm not rolling. I'm going to roll when I hit 70 80 maybe 90% of extrinsic captured. Then I'll roll. roll. &gt;&gt; Or, you know, you can vertical. You can sell a a short call vertical on your long call on your deepen. You know, move it up. it up. &gt;&gt; Let's say you started at 6,800, it went up. Maybe you sell a 100 100 wide call spread on on top of your thing and you moved your call up 100 points, but you collected all that premium. So, &gt;&gt; I mean, it's a it's a way to to collect premium. Of course, your long call is now going to be you're going to let's say you went 100 points out of the money. Now, you're you know, you're 100 points in the money. You can bring it back to at the money and collect a nice credit. I don't know if you know what I'm saying. saying. &gt;&gt; I I do. So, no. Yeah. I think when you're you're when you're making those moves and you're you're adjusting. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. And I I think that the whole thing that I was saying earlier, too, is everything's dynamic for me. It's all to readjust your deltas. I just want to keep my keep my &gt;&gt; I don't want to get too long on delta. I don't want to get too short on delta. if my covered calls, if you're in the money calls and you're um out of the money put, if that gets to a negative delta, then and the market's moving up, well, that's you don't want you're going to have to readjust something, &gt;&gt; right? Uh, so what you want to do is you you may want to roll those calls up a tad if the market's been going **[40:36]** tad if the market's been going &gt;&gt; just to get &gt;&gt; I just want to get my deltas back to &gt;&gt; positive so that and then but if the market's falling market's falling &gt;&gt; then I want to keep the negative delta. So it's all it's all just a holistic portfolio approach to to how you manage things sim you know like a hedge fund or whatever you you want to you want the holistic approach to the whole portfolio and not just worry about one trade. one trade. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, uh, so we we talked about your 112s, we talked about the, uh, let's say the capital efficient covered calls, uh, with the LEAPS. Is there another strategy that you're using? You used to do a lot of, uh, strangles on bonds. strangles on bonds. &gt;&gt; I still do. So, I still still do a lot of strangles. Bonds have been a phenomenal strangle opportunity for a year now, year now, &gt;&gt; of course. Yep. &gt;&gt; Not as good right now. Bonds have been moving up, but there's still I still have strangles in bonds. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, &gt;&gt; gold's not been a good strangle opportunity. So, I really haven't strangled gold at all because it's just going to the moon, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But gold's been a great trade. And I would say I only really trade primarily those four. I trade oil. I trade CL futures. So, I trade oil futures, gold futures, although gold futures &gt;&gt; have priced themselves out of the market for most people now. You can't even put a gold trade on Tasty or any other platform because and I'm on Tasty Trade, but you can't afford a gold futures anymore. They've raised the the buying power, the margin requirements so high on gold that it's &gt;&gt; so I had to go back to GLD now, even with a large with a large &gt;&gt; a large account. It's it's hard. It keeps you from blowing yourself up, too. But But &gt;&gt; I know &gt;&gt; I know &gt;&gt; the gold's been decent. Oil has been great strangles until recently. And right now I'm just &gt;&gt; unfortunately I'm I'm betting on a a war. So I I really think the tensions are high and I think oil goes higher. **[42:38]** are high and I think oil goes higher. &gt;&gt; Uh my the odds in my opinion of a uh of a settlement between US and Iran to me seems to be zero. &gt;&gt; Um so I'm thinking things are going to go south. go south. &gt;&gt; So I'm long on oil right now. But otherwise I'm usually strangling oil. I'm usually strangling bonds and sometimes I'll strangle ES. I just I hate stocks. I would prefer to just stick in futures and &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; equity indexes. &gt;&gt; equity indexes. &gt;&gt; Definitely. You know, my number one trade for the last six months has been selling I I do trade a lot of the GC future and uh I I trade them like seven days, three days. Every time we have a down move, I sell a put on GC and it's been my number one trade. It's unbelievable. unbelievable. &gt;&gt; And I do a 112 on G on on GLD or GC or I do a Jade Lizard. &gt;&gt; So, anything that gives me no risk to the upside is what I want. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let me tell you a scary trade that I did. So, silver went from like, you know, 40 on the future to like 110, right? right? So, I did a 111 to the upside. So I bought the 110, bought the 110, sold the 113, and then sold the 140. The 140 for a credit for a nice credit. Okay. So my trap was 110 to 113 and then my break even was 143 because 140 plus the three, you know, well actually 146 because I got a $3 credit, $3 trap. So my break even was 146. So 6 hours after I placed that trade, I was down $18,000 on one future. &gt;&gt; On one future. And the margin on that future, I don't know if you've seen it. It's it's ridiculous. It's it's ridiculous. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The margin on gold and silver now, I mean, it went it was it used to be great and now I now I have to use SLV **[44:40]** great and now I now I have to use SLV and GLD. and GLD. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just because I just can't pay. I I can, but I but I it just takes up too much of my portfolio for that. portfolio for that. &gt;&gt; Too much. Yeah. And your mental bandwidth. So, to make a long story short, so I was down 12,000 bucks in six hours and then silver crashed and of course I only took out like a couple thousand dollar to because I was happy to leave the trade and then I could have made, you know, a shitload of money. But you don't have the mindset to wait because you is in such big pain that when you when you see your money come back, you say that's it and I'm never going to do it again. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; So So I'm done with uh trying to short even though it was a pretty conservative because silver was coming from 40 50 bucks and my break even was 146 but u still that thing can move. &gt;&gt; Big run to 120. So um you know it got up there. Yeah, at 120 I would have been down 40 50,000 bucks and you know on &gt;&gt; I really think gold and silver are going to level out from here a bit. Um I still think there's some upward drift on both potentially but um I think it'll be slower now. slower now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know the market cap of the US stock market is $65 trillion and gold is now half of that. So the gold market cap has crept up quite a bit. So gold is pretty pretty big now. Silver is already in the top six asset classes in the whole world. So you're right. I think those assets even though they might keep going up because the government's still printing a lot of money, I think they've reached market caps uh that are pretty big in my point of view. of view. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you know, &gt;&gt; now you move to Ethereum. You're not you're not uh you're not doing Ethereum futures. Come on. &gt;&gt; Uh no. I you know my one of my favorite **[46:42]** &gt;&gt; Uh no. I you know my one of my favorite stocks to trade now is Circle and uh and I don't know. I love stable coins. I think the governments are going to push for them because it's a way for them to finance for people to buy their debt. And uh and circle has been a very fun uh I mean small in a small basis but it's been fun to uh to trade and uh you know tether is not allowed to to be used in the US so circle is the only one who's allowed so at least I'm having fun with circle but um circle but um yeah I'm I'm trying to try to do very aggressive low probability trades to have fun a little bit this year &gt;&gt; because you know you get bored of doing, you know, the steady the steady Eddie of course that pays the bills is very important, but I also like to do some stupid trades sometimes. stupid trades sometimes. &gt;&gt; Spec trades, you know, I do I call them spec trades. So, I I reserve 10% of my trading to do that kind of stuff. And &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; most of most of those to me are naked puts or they're just trades on some futures. futures. either naked puts or 112s on futures mostly um as spec trades but maybe some stocks here and there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know I don't want to do a commercial for grow your pile which is my new thing but uh but uh &gt;&gt; course you do. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Yeah. So I bought this uh this uh this 100 110 call vertical on circle. You know I'm a little crazy. I did a 100 lot for.7 for.7 and yesterday it was 210. Today it went all the way to 290. So I I already took half off. So those are the type of stupid trades that I do. You know, I mean risking I risked 7,000 bucks in order to make, you know, a lot maybe 100,000 bucks. I don't know. don't know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 90,000 bucks. I don't think there's **[48:43]** &gt;&gt; 90,000 bucks. I don't think there's anything anything I don't think there's anything wrong with putting a few of those types of trades on here and there if you all it takes to hit one. So &gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. So you know just for fun it's a very low probability trades etc etc etc and Tom I want to learn &gt;&gt; that's you know your lottery ticket trade article. Um trade article. Um &gt;&gt; yes that that was Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And uh yeah I want to learn more about income navigator. So, in in your in your group, do you share your live trades? Do you share it's educational or can you tell me about income navigator? &gt;&gt; Uh, incomenavigator.com. Yeah. Been our site for for many years now. And, uh, uh, there's two of us running it. And, you know, we've been sharing all of our trades live, so you get every single trade live, which is fine, but what I don't want you to do is just follow the trades. It's really there. We're we're there for education. Uh my big my big thing is that you need a trade plan. And I'm all over people to just oh you know what do I do now? I'm in the red or I'm in the green or what? I'm like what is your trade plan say? You know got to have a written plan. And to me that's the the hallmark of everything is number one you've got to have a written plan. If you do that then you can keep emotions out of the uh out of trading because that's what's going to get you killed is emotions. So have a trade plan. Follow that trade plan. Number one, I I'm big on just uh being dynamic uh right now a lot. And what's the market doing? What's your deltas look like? Do you need to adjust? Not over adjust, but do you need to make some uh some adjustments? So, I I like trades where u I can I can adjust, but I want simple stuff uh for me. So, the education is education is what's the market doing? What's the best setup in the market? Plus, as a &gt;&gt; kind of a regime type of a trader, I'm calling it. But if the market's bullish **[50:45]** calling it. But if the market's bullish and you want to put a bearish trade on, that's fine. But you now have to size to like less than 1% of your net lick. If the market's bullish and you want to put a neutral trade on, like a strangle, fine, maybe one to 1.5%. And if you want to put a bullish trade on in a bullish market, well, now you can go 2% of your net lick. So size based upon what's the market regime market regime &gt;&gt; and then size the trade. It doesn't mean you can't take a bearish trade in a bullish market. I don't know if I would make too many of those, but there's opportunities, but just size appropriately and you and you'll be fine if you just size and keep your sizing right and you have a trade that you can make adjustments to it by adding a call, going in the money, out of the money, adding a put, in the money, out of the money. What can you do to fix your deltas on that trade? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; In a simple fashion. &gt;&gt; And for you, &gt;&gt; what determines a bearish, bullish or neutral market? Is it uh two two moving averages, one on top of the other? Is it a time frame or I mean, &gt;&gt; yeah, most of I'm using a daily chart for it for the most part. I will look at the weeklies. Uh weekly is definitely bullish. Um but the daily chart I'm looking at the 8 and 21 moving averages. I'll look at RSI a bit is RSI, you know, oversold, overbought, neutral. Where is that? And then I'll look at maybe like the um &gt;&gt; the parabolic SAR support and and resistance levels. Is that bullish or bearish? So I'll take all of those things into account and give a point to each one or something like that. And if if all three of them are bullish, then we're bullish. if if we're mixed or if if we're below, you know, I have four indicators. If two of them are bullish, two are bearish, we're neutral. &gt;&gt; Okay? If all if three or four of them are bearish, then we're bearish. So, &gt;&gt; just a little bit of a quick checklist on a weekly basis just to figure out what regime we're in and then **[52:46]** what regime we're in and then &gt;&gt; take a look at your trades. &gt;&gt; You know, I think we've been very lucky in the last since November, we've been I think in a neutral regime. So even bearish traders have made money. Bullish traders have made money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The only people that haven't made money are long passive people which normally are the people who are always minting money. money. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Or anybody in stock software stocks. Yeah. stocks. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So I I saw a video. I wanted to get your opinion. I haven't decided how I'm going to do it. So, let's say you have a $100,000 account and you make a trade and you make $500 on that trade. What this guy is suggesting is you grab those $500 and you buy any asset. You buy SPY, you buy GLD, you buy SLV. So, you convert all the premium that you're making into making into uh ETF assets. And that way, for example, you know, they're they're they're still printing money. Uh they're going to keep printing money. So, why don't you turn have a systematic way to turn your trading profits into assets? What do you think about that idea? &gt;&gt; Uh I do agree. I I think I do that more in my investing accounts versus my trading account. trading account. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I'm a big two bucket approach guy. So I think that you should take maybe 30% of your wealth or depending on how much your wealth is maybe 30% you can trade with there 70% is investing and that may vary by age and by size but I think in an investing account I'm doing that doing that right now I'm all the income that I generate in my investing accounts and I I'm very income driven you know I have ETFs paying dividends and distributions &gt;&gt; and some naked puts and some of these income form cover call things not many but a few on spy and QQQ when every **[54:47]** but a few on spy and QQQ when every distribution at the end of the month I'm going to reinvest those back in and keep my allocations my allocations u you know so spy was down I might put more in spy if QQQ was down but I'm going to reinvest that income until the day comes where I need the income or I'm no longer around uh but as long as I don't need the income I want to keep growing that pile. And I'll tell you, there was a guy named Tony from Mexico years ago that made a statement that has that I will use to this day. Uh, he who dies with the most spy wins. And &gt;&gt; you're right. I I still use it with my kids. I still use it with my kids with me. It sticks with me today. I use that all the time in my trading group. Uh, but I would rather buy as much Spy as humanly possible uh in my lifetime. That's great. That's great. You know, I've been forcing my kids to do that with their money. And my son is 27, my daughter's 26. So, you won't believe this. Their accounts are one is 260,000, the other one is 220,000 bucks. And the only thing they take whatever they're making and they buy spies spy or GLD or you know &gt;&gt; and that would be a great long-term thing over time thing over time &gt;&gt; if they keep doing this. I told them look at your accounts. I mean it's crazy and you know they have their own jobs and everything. So, it's I do I do have that saying. And I don't know if I told you that I want to die with uh 100 bitcoins in my USB drive. So, I messed up. I should have bought a lot of Bitcoin when I was when it was much cheaper. I I bought a little bit, but not enough. So, besides dying with the most spies, I also want to die with 100 Bitcoin in a USB drive. So, those are my two I'm working towards that goal. I'm working on my spy and my Ethereum. So, **[56:48]** working on my spy and my Ethereum. So, &gt;&gt; that's Yeah, that's great. &gt;&gt; And some QQQ. So, and let's see what what happens. what happens. &gt;&gt; And uh Tom, I can't believe it's been almost an hour. It's crazy. &gt;&gt; It's been great catching up. &gt;&gt; I'm going to give my friend Tom Snuff a little commercial. If you go to Lost Dog, LOS as a DOG, he's doing a million dollar crypto giveaway for free. So if you sign up, uh you might get some free Ethereum or Solana or Bitcoin at Lost Dog. So Dog. So uh maybe it can uh help you grow your your Ethereum pie a little bit and uh &gt;&gt; and help you figure out your your job and your salary ranges. &gt;&gt; Help figure out your job, your salary, and get free crypto from Sasmuff. Anytime you get free money from Sasmuff is good. is good. &gt;&gt; There we go. Anyways, I enjoyed our talk so so much, Tom. You know, if you're up to it, I want to do it more often. I was a bad guy last year. I was trying to re, you know, reshuffle my personal businesses. I still have my pickleball company. I started these two other stuff. Still have Airbnbs. I still have a lot of stuff going on. But, uh, trading is my my passion, my love, which I do the it's how I spend most of my time. and you're one of the smartest tra traders I know. So I I always enjoy talking to you and learning what you're doing. So hopefully we can do this more often. I I I enjoy these talks. these talks. &gt;&gt; Thank you, my friend. So everybody listening, if you want to grow your pile, you can go to incomenavavigator.com and learn how a super smart trader like Tom trades. And uh if you want to follow me, you go to growyoupile.com. growyoupile.com. And uh and remember, you got to risk it to get the biscuit, baby. Thanks for watching. watching. &gt;&gt; Take care.
