---
title: "The Swiss Army Knife of Trading: Using The 11x Bear Trap Trade in Any Market"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: elQAh9Y5rJ0
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elQAh9Y5rJ0
upload_date: 2026-02-18
duration: "28:38"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# The Swiss Army Knife of Trading: Using The 11x Bear Trap Trade in Any Market

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-02-18
**Duration:** 28:38
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elQAh9Y5rJ0

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]** All right. Hello, welcome traders. Hey, it is Wednesday, February 18th, 2026. Coming to you live on a day where the markets had a mild upday. 30 some odd points, 31 points, about half a percent in the market today. But nice to see at least one up day uh here as the markets have kind of just struggled widely for the last couple weeks or so. But we've done really, really well because if you're selling Theta and the markets are moving sideways, moving sideways, things are in pretty good shape. Unless you've made some really bad decisions on what stocks to own. Um, not a big fan of stocks. Was happy to jump into some last year as we rode things up. Uh, you know, when in Rome, you you buy some stocks, right? So, if the market's going up, there was some great opportunities. Okay. But now as the market kind of peaking a little bit sideways, uh back to back to the basics. Uh where I'm out of most stocks. Closed a few things out uh this week. I have a couple naked puts on, but that's really it. Uh most everything I have in ES, you know, S&amp;P futures, uh SPY, QQQ, oil, some things like that, and not really a lot of individual stock names. We'll take a look at some of that and see how we go. It's also been a really good environment for some zero DTE uh the last couple days. I like to do that when the markets are kind of struggling or when the markets are uh a little more have a little more volatility to them. So, can't keep you can't get that VIX to stay up uh much here. Uh but when VIX is between 20 and 30, that really makes zero DTE a real great opportunity, at least for the way I trade it, which is uh selling spreads, either put credit spreads or call credit spreads. That said, good day today, uh doing that. It's been our best trade so far of the year, and we're still doing really good on our our 112 trades. They're doing fantastic. Uh and ZODT is actually outpacing those, and we're up, you know, **[2:03]** outpacing those, and we're up, you know, uh quite a bit. In fact, uh I'm up already over $10,000 on 112s, uh the kind standard 112 trade and cootd is actually better than that right now. So that being said, I don't expect it to continue. continue. But again, win in Rome, okay, take advantage of of the things you can. So when life hands your lemons, okay, zod can make some lemonade and give you some cash flow while you're waiting for your theta to decay. Uh that said, let's take a look at uh some ideas out there. So, I've got a couple ideas I want to run uh with you, some trades that I'm looking at. Again, uh this is this is my account. This is what I'm doing. Uh hopefully you get some education or entertainment out of watching what I'm doing. Maybe you get some ideas for yourself, okay? But do your own research. Do your own uh thing. Don't just take what you read on YouTube uh or, you know, Twitter and watch those things. Don't listen to me. doesn't anybody else out there. I'm just a guy who's been trading for about 40 years, okay? I've made good uh good plays. I've made mistakes. We continue to try to grow and do some things out there to uh make us more successful. So, been a long track record, done really, really well. But you got to take ideas from people, make it your own, and create your own trade plan. So, I'm a big fan of the trade plan. That's really what we do in the Discord is we really work on sticking to your strategy, sticking to your plan, okay? Don't be chasing the shiny object. Um, and then just trade the market that you see. I'm a big fan of uh the market regime as well. And what do we see out there and adjusting your trades to match the market? All right, really quickly here, uh, ended the day at 972 on delta. The reason my delta popped up a bit more today is I did put on a fairly sizable uh SPX trade. Uh so that's using a little bit of buying power out there and it's going to give me positive delta because it is a put credit spread. Uh that being said, **[4:07]** a put credit spread. Uh that being said, uh normally we're around we're under the 0.2. Today we jumped into right around 0.2. So it's still fine. Pretty delta neutral like my uh like my account right where it is here. uh in really a neutral bias. Uh I really think we're in a neutral regime uh right now until something drastically changes, maybe a little bit bearish. Uh so neutral to bearish is where we are and I want to stick with trades that kind of reflect what that regime looks like. All right, Theta. Well, putting on some trades. Uh certainly popped that thing up today. So 2461, which is pretty much the exact same as my negative Vega as well. So don't have a ton of Vega. Okay. don't have I do have a ton of Theta. I really like the way my account is set up. Uh we did have a nice update today. Uh up to 47830. 47830. Uh so we're uh uh we're doing pretty well. We're actually up uh on the year uh 13% uh on the year to date. S&amp;P is up a half a percent. We're up 13%. Uh and I'm up uh over 2% for the month so far. So the account's up 10 grand. We're up 2% uh on the month. things are things are cooking uh along. So, we're doing exactly what it is uh that we want to uh be doing uh to move the account forward. That being said, let's take a look at some of the ideas and things that I'm seeing out there and we'll break down the market regime a little bit. I'm going to give you a couple trades that I'm looking at uh at the end of this uh video. So, uh, number one, let's take a look, uh, at the E- Minis, the S&amp;P, uh, here. And again, if you if you're just squinting and zooming out a little bit, uh, this looks pretty sideways actiony to me, right? Uh, you're holding on to this anchored VWAP for the most part, you're up above it, you're down below it, you're sticking around it. All the all of these moving averages are just intertwined and stuck together. Let's zoom in a little bit and see. I mean, you've got the the eight below the 21, **[6:07]** you've got the the eight below the 21, which is uh one of your, you know, bearish signs, but you got a bullish PR that's bullish. Okay, so that kind of offset. Then you got a stock that's below the 21 EMA and an RSI that's just below 50. So technically, we're in a bearish regime bearish regime on the week on the daily chart. If we look at the weekly chart, totally different scenario. Uh eight's above the 21, stocks above the 21, RSI is above 50, bullish PR. So everything's great on the weekly. So right now, yeah, I'm going to lean to that uh that neutral bias a bit in here. And that's beautiful for us. Uh you can also see a bit of this rising wedge, which is a bearish wedge. If we break it, we have to break it first and we'll see what happens. I threw on the 150day uh moving average down here. It's not going to mean a whole lot when it when we're looking at the S&amp;P, but it will mean something when we take a look at some of the other uh trade opportunities out there. And then we've got the 200 day down here. Uh so some support levels here that we'll be keeping an eye on. We couldn't really hold the gains of the day. We did sell off uh as the day went along, but yeah, still hung in there with a nice little update. So, we'll we'll take it. All right. Uh, so things look okay. Sideways is fine. Sideways to higher is fine. All right. Taking a look at oil. Oil did not have uh an awesome day today. Uh, depending on your trade style for us, it was an awesome day. We've got a jade lizard and a 113 trade on and big move up in oil today. All right. So, it's been hanging sideways, but it's got this bullish bias to it. Why? Well, it there's this little thing happening over in the Middle East with Iran, and I don't care. The talks are ongoing. I don't think things are going to go well. Now, opinions don't matter. My opinion, don't read anything. I'm telling you, if **[8:08]** don't read anything. I'm telling you, if you get off of Twitter and you get off of YouTube, you're going to find yourself a much better trader. That being said, I don't try to pay attention to too much news, but man, I really don't think that this Middle East situation is going to resolve uh itself correctly. correctly. And I think uh I think there's going to be an attack on Iran. I think Iran's going to mess around with the straight of Hormuz. I think all of that is going to kick oil higher. Outside of that, oil should be in a bearish mode. There is over supply. There's not as much demand out there. Inventory levels are very high right now. There's no reason for oil to be climbing. And oil rocketed today. So huge bullish engulfing candle today. today. beautiful for our trades. So again, super excited about my trades and where where we are where we are on the trades, but if you're trying to put on strangles or you're bearish in any way on oil, uh that's just not going to go well for you at this point in time. You don't want to actually limit uh your upside here at all. All right, taking a look at gold. Gold's been, you know, drifting sideways to higher. Yeah, it's been a couple days down. You got a little bit of this uh triangle pattern uh going on in here, but uh pretty good sell-off day yesterday and then a pretty good rebound today. So, you had a pretty good selloff, then a rebound, a sell-off and a rebound. Okay, now those continue to go lower and lower uh each time. Uh but gold's just hanging in there. Eight's above the 21. Uh RSI is above the 50. Stocks above the 21. Uh the 50 is rising, the 21's rising. Uh so things look pretty good in gold land. Uh we have a jade lizard uh on gold right now and then we have a dynamic income poor man covered call running which is doing absolutely unbelievably fantastic. So that being said I like where gold is. Uh I'm still neutral to bullish. I do not want to cap my upside which is why I like the jade lizard trade in here. or **[10:10]** like the jade lizard trade in here. or you can put on an at the money 112 113 type of a trade and I think those work out just just perfectly. Uh and we're doing a lot of those trades right now. So, um the at the money 112 is is great. And the great thing about the 112 trade is I call it the Swiss Army knife of trades. Why? Because you can make it into almost anything that you want to. It's essentially a put ratio spread, right? uh which plenty of people do, but then they think, "Oh, the 112, it's going to get you killed. You're going to blow up." Then then you go and sell naked puts and you go and sell put ratio spreads. It's the exact same trade, people. U here. So, the thing I like about the 112 is if you're more bullish, you can move up the naked puts a bit and generate a little bit more income. If you're neutral, you can move them down a bit. If you're bearish, you can move them maybe out a little bit more to provide a little more safety, especially as volatility rises. Then there's the put debit spread piece. You can take that put debit spread and in a bullish market, you want to stay narrow like 50 wide and you may want to pull that down to about the 25 delta on the longs. In a neutral regime, I move that up towards at the money. I may even expand it to 100 wide. Okay? So, which creates a bigger trap. Okay? And then if we're in a bearish regime, I may expand that the width to 100 200 wide and really create a much fatter trap and a very little income on the tail. So again, make it what you want it to be out there. And I think you're going to find yourself uh much more successful uh when you do that. But uh don't throw the trade away. It's a great trade and it does some really great things out there. Uh we'll take a look at a few of those uh as we go uh today. But I've got I just added a BA11 trade on. So again, you can also reduce the number of naked puts. Sometimes I'll go to a 113 as opposed to a 224 because it gives me **[12:11]** as opposed to a 224 because it gives me more income and it reduces my risk. I don't have four naked puts, I have three. So depending on the size account that you have and sometimes you can go to a 111 to a 111 if it makes sense to you which reduces the the overall tail risk and the overall vega risk because you only have one naked put. Okay, but you're still able to make something that looks pretty beneficial. So we'll show you one of those trades as well. Again, Swiss Army knife of trades. You got to just keep them in uh keep them in check. Don't put too many on. Don't ladder a ton on. Uh, but I think it works really, really well out there. All right, that that being said, uh, we'll take a look at bonds. Bonds has had an unbelievable run up until that really inverted hammer uh, yesterday on that candle. Let me jump off video here so you can see everything. Uh, everything. Uh, it ran up all right exactly to resistance and then pulled back from that yesterday. Uh, and then more pullback today. uh as a whole bonds should not be running like this. Okay, rates should not be dropping significantly. Fed's not cutting. So, so why are bonds running? Well, I think it's a bit of a flight to safety. And personally, that would make me a little bit nervous that bonds are running like they are. All right, that being said, we are in a TLT strangle uh which is up uh 12% right now. Uh so despite this move up, this little pullback here certainly was helpful today. Uh but that strangle puts us in a still a good position in my opinion. All right, quick run. Look at the mag seven. All these things really had a pretty decent day, but there's a lot of technical damage. We're not even above the eight on Amazon. So until we get above the eight, no go. Nvidia just kind of sideways moving into earnings. Earnings are coming up, but Nvidia not really looking super strong. Okay, Tesla **[14:12]** really looking super strong. Okay, Tesla can't get above the eight and in a downtrend. Meta can't get above the eight sideways trend a bit. Apple and again that 150 exponential moving average is, you know, in some of these as a support area that we typically find. Apple, even though it's hanging in there, okay, still below the 8 day and the 21 and the 50. Google below the eight, the 21 and the 50. Not even close to the eight. Okay, Microsoft can't get above the eight here. So, it can't get off the map. Okay, Palanteer can't seem to break it. It tried today to break the eight and failed. Okay, so Palanteer is still struggling. Okay, and then Broadcom probably looking the best. It's not a Mag 7, but I put it in the same uh category as the Mag 7 along with Palunteer uh because these are top top stocks uh I think out there. This thing's just sideways trending. So, I think that makes you think a little bit. We got out of some of our uh poor man covered calls on Broadcom as well, which is probably the reason it'll go higher. Uh but it's just really sideways trending right now. And I do have naked puts on down around the 382 fib. Uh those are doing fantastic in here. All right. Uh not too many other charts that I want to hit on, but I will hit on some of the ones that I'm seeing on YouTube uh and Twitter, which again, stay the heck off of those things, man. Uh hymns. Oh, it's it's it's oversold. It's down here. Well, there's a reason it's oversold. It sucks right now. Uh it can't get above the eight, so stay away. Hood can't seem to get above the eight. stay away. This is not ready yet. Okay, at some point it might break the eight and might put in a nice base down here. Okay, but it also could continue to fall. I love Hood. It's one of my favorite companies out there. Uh but I'm not getting into it. Uh right here, uh I stock I do like a lot of in here, but it's also struggling with the eight. **[16:13]** it's also struggling with the eight. It's not it's not it's not really performing well. Now, it is also right at this 150day exponential moving average. I do love that and I do love this trend line uh that it's holding. So, a lot of good things about Iran that I like here. I think it's a lowrisk uh put potentially entry uh here if you're not already in it. Uh but this would be something I would be taking a look at as well. All right. And then look at some software stocks like another one like now. It's fussing with this eight. Putting in a decent base may not be too bad. bad. Novo can't get above the eight. the eight's uh it just blocking it down here. Nothing it can do. All right. Uh Oscar, decent little day today. This thing's not doing a whole lot of anything here. Uh it is above the eight, not above the 21, so it's trying to make some recovery here. I like the way Oscar looks. Uh we do own uh I do own naked puts uh in this thing. Uh they're up 4% in 5 days. Uh so we'll take that. Right. Shop trying to get above the eight. SoFi can't get above the eight. Spotify getting above the eight and trying the 21. So spot looks actually somewhat decent here. UNH is above the eight holding it. And now it might become a support level. I do like the way UNH is setting up uh down here. We do have naked puts in UNH. I also do have poor man covered calls now in UNH. So these are all doing great. And then quickly here, uh, Bitcoin can't get above the eight. Until then, I see no reason to be buying Bitcoin at these levels. Uh, which means there's no reason to really buy strategy at these levels yet. And then on Ethereum, it can't get above the eight either. It tried one day, reversed, didn't have a good day today either. I don't think the bottom is in in crypto. It's a nice cons, you know, a nice looking potential consolidation here, but there's nothing nothing **[18:14]** here, but there's nothing nothing bullish uh about this yet. Okay. Yet. So, we just stay away uh and stay cool. Okay. But one area I want to take a look at today is software stocks. So, I'm not big on individual stock names, but one thing I do like uh here is I do like where software stocks uh are landing. So, that being said, I'm not getting long here. I'm not telling you to get in on software stocks uh right in here. Exactly. However, that being said, I think you got to keep an eye on it and uh and watch where software stocks are here. If we can break the eight and hold on, I'm willing to look at this basket of stocks here and we're almost at the exact same point that we were uh on that downtrend last April, which is a really interesting place to find some support, which also matches closely to the 618 uh fibs that I have on here. I'm not saying go and, you know, mortgage the children and sell the house and and all that stuff yet, but software, this is how I'm going to play it is I'm going to get into IGV as opposed to buying individual names like now and CRM and uh any of those other stocks in there, Microsoft, you name it. Palunteers, you know, kind of in that in that range as well. Why why play the individuals when you can play the index so you don't have individual stock risk? I think that makes the most sense. All right, that being said, take a quick look at some of our uh current trades in the portfolio. I've given you several ideas. Uh obviously a beautiful day uh here in the account uh almost uh everything up uh on the day uh today. So oil are at the money 113 looks beautiful here. Uh, it's up 75% in 13 days. I'm loving it. Our jade lizard's up 12% in **[20:15]** loving it. Our jade lizard's up 12% in eight days. These don't move as fast as a 112 trade does, but it's still in really really good shape uh here. So, we like exactly what we're seeing. Uh, in ES, I still have a a naked put of a old of an old 112 trade. It's at 45% with 37 days. Uh, normally these come off in about 47 or I'm sorry, 42 days. 40, I'm sorry, 45 days. So, we've got about eight more days on average. Now, this could go longer because you got some volatility and things involved here or some selling, but it's still doing fine. But, let's look at some of these other trades. Here's an at the money 113. 113. Just again, showing you how these trades really set up nicely uh for us out there. So, this is this is where we want to be, like right at the mouth of the trap. Okay. Up nicely in here. If we stay in this trap, we're going to make five grand. If we if it takes off and runs higher, we're going to make 2500. Uh either way, this tra it's up over already. It's up 91% in 23 days. It's beautiful. We're in the trap. It's exactly what I want to to see happening happening uh on this as well. All right. Uh that being said, let's look at this other at the money 113. the money 113. This one is just outside of the trap. But look at this nice fat big trap down here. If we stay here, we're going to make more than 100%. We'd make 100% or or so if we stay up in the tail. So really, we just need this thing to not crash hard. Okay, that's what you're looking for on these uh 112 trades. And this is a 113 trade, right? And then I added this BA11 yesterday. And look, there's almost no money to be made in the in the tail up here. 45 bucks. Okay, I'm not losing anything. So, I can't lose. No matter how high this thing goes, this can't lose. But this is a big fat trap. Okay, and this **[22:18]** this is a big fat trap. Okay, and this trap uh can make us about 2500 bucks if we're anywhere near the beginning or we get into it. Even if we're out of the trap at the top here, but time starts to go our direction. go our direction. Okay? So, as decay happens, look at this t plus zero line start to lift. So, even if you're not in the trap, but you're out here, you can still be making, you know, a,00 you know, 1,500 bucks and not even be in the trap. If you're in the trap or anywhere in this area, uh you're going to be able to make maybe that whole 2500 bucks. So, uh, that being said, love the trade. The BA11 was put on, uh, yesterday. Uh, doing doing really well. So, that being said, good stuff there. Uh, we do have that naked put in AVGO, which is up 21%. Beautiful. Our gold trades, now our gold jade lizards down a fraction because gold's been a little bit weak here, but we're perfectly in this trap. Exactly where we want to be. Uh 415 is the low end. We're at 460. I'm all good with the Jade Lizard there. And then on the income cover call, we're up almost 700% on the longs. Okay. And then we're still uh selling premium against it. So we've still got another $2,700 of exttrinsic to squeeze out of this thing in the next nine days. Looking beautiful out there. Like I said, Oscar, we're in strategy here. Uh we are down on the the overall position, but we just keep making money. We've paid off the position already, and we just keep making more money. We'll make another almost 2500 2,600 bucks uh this week. In the next two days, we'll book that as well. And that'll only be a 7-day trade. So, we keep making about 2,600 3,000. If we're selling in the money, sometimes we'll make $5,000 on strategy. So, I don't really care **[24:19]** on strategy. So, I don't really care where the longs are going because I keep making money on it. Anyway, uh we can go through the rest of the trades. Uh you don't need to uh to necessarily have me go through all of these. You know, SoFi, naked put, it's doing fine. Palunteer, naked put, it's doing fine. Yeah, they're down a fraction. Uh but I love where Palanteer is at this 80. That's where I want to end up. I would love to own it there. SPY. Uh we've got another naked put here. And then we've also got another income poor man covered call there. Our TLT trades up nicely. And then UNH we do have puts in UNH as well. So a lot of trade ideas for you. Some things to think about out there. Swiss Army knife of trading is the 11x trade. 111, 112, 113. Higher put debit spread, lower put debit spread, higher net puts, lower net puts. Everything's got to be regime based. Don't just get stuck in one mode and try to put on the same trade over and over and over. So, we're looking at crypto trying to find a bottom here. It's not here yet. Uh we're looking at software stocks with IGV down here. I don't think the bottom's in yet, but I am very very much watching that. Uh and then the rotation out of the mag 7. Uh 7. Uh will we see some of the rotation coming back into that? We'll see. And then gold kind of doing its thing and hanging out up there. And oil, we want to make sure we're in that. So, we don't have a lot of things going on uh right now. We're just cashing in on daily theta of about 2,000 bucks a day uh or so. That's it. Have a great evening, everybody. Bunch of trade ideas. Figure out what's right for you. And if you want to see what we're trading, you want to see some of these trade strategies and see how we're actually putting these on, come and join us in the Discord. The link is down below. So, if you go to the description, you can go to incomenavavigator.com, you can join up. And if you use the code king, K I N, **[26:21]** And if you use the code king, K I N, you're going to get 50 bucks off that first month. Uh, which is going to give you a lowcost way to come in, steal the spreadsheets, steal the trackers, take the trade plans, but then join the community and stay. Okay, I'm seeing people cancelling. Oh, this is it's a lot. I don't know what to do. Okay, I need I need Yeah, I need more help. Okay, you come, you visit, you stay two days, and then you leave. You know what? Come and stick around. Okay, it's tuition that you're paying. Okay, otherwise you're going to pay the tuition in losses out there. Why not pay the tuition when it's only a hundred bucks a month, okay? And you can learn something in the Discord trading with other members. We've got a great zero DTE room cranking. I had three zero DTE wins today alone. Some of the other members had two or three. That's really starting to kick off a little bit. I'm not touting zero DTE. I'll give you my strategy on it. Uh doesn't mean use it. I think it's a little bit more risky out there. But you know what? If that's what floats your boat, fine. There's something for everybody. But you got to stick around. Why you quitting? Why you leaving? Okay. Why do you not join to begin with? Okay. Invest in yourself. It's a new year. Commit to yourself that, hey, I'm going to put six months into something and learn it inside and out. Make myself a better trader. If the markets turns and starts going south, okay, and you're stuck with all these palunteer hood and hymns and all that stuff, okay, and you're getting murdered, you're getting murdered, that's a lot heavier tuition than 100 bucks a month. So, uh, that's enough on me. I don't like to sell a whole lot, but I would love to see more people join in and contribute because I'd love to see the ideas that people are coming up with. In fact, we've got an entire portfolio portfolio uh right now a couple members, myself, others. We've got a portfolio of income covered call ETFs um focusing on for me on the NEOS funds. really interesting concept, a way to generate some additional cash uh using **[28:22]** generate some additional cash uh using uh box trades as well so that you've got a little bit more cash, you can increase your returns. your returns. Pretty interesting stuff. Why not come and learn and figure it out? All right, that being said, have a great evening, folks. We'll see you later. Bye-bye.
