---
title: "Live Trading Session | Options Strategies in a Falling Market"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: 1qLlcAHhhYo
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qLlcAHhhYo
upload_date: 2026-03-12
duration: "1:20:24"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Live Trading Session | Options Strategies in a Falling Market

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-03-12
**Duration:** 1:20:24
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qLlcAHhhYo

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]** All righty, welcome everybody. Hey, it is Thursday, March 12th, 2026. Live trading here at Income Navigator. Uh let's get into it. Uh without further ado, lots of stuff going on. Uh markets heading lower. Oil keeps going higher. All these threats from Iran to close the straight of Hormuz. Yay. Whatever. Um going to push oil higher. Oil pushing higher. It's the same story every day. But oil pushing higher, increasing inflation fears, Fed's going to back off, interest rates are rising, dollars rising. Uh, between all of that, that's going to put pressure on the market. It's going to send the market lower. You got VIX up around 26 and change, almost 27. It was above 27 earlier today. Uh, it's backed off a tad. Uh, we're starting this with uh us down about almost 88 points right now. uh nees. So a little about 8812 uh right now on things. So uh overall that's where we are. Uh and it's the story about oil. That's really all it is. It's not a story of this war although the war is impacting oil. Okay. It's not a story of political anything. It's just oil pricing uh with the straight of Hormuz being closed um at least closed to certain tankers supposedly, you know, Iran threatening uh to set anything on fire that goes through there that's not their own. Apparently, they're shipping plenty of oil to China and everybody else. Doesn't really matter. Political stuff doesn't matter uh at this point. Uh if oil can't get uh some control of itself, um this thing doesn't go uh doesn't go well. uh for the markets. So, that being said, it's all rosy and positive there. What can we do? What should we be doing? Let's get into it. I'll get off the screen here. I did post a video last night. I hope you guys had a chance to go through it go through it uh last night as well because uh I think that's really important to understand especially if you're a newer or new member here. And I'm, you know, welcome **[2:03]** member here. And I'm, you know, welcome to new members and uh welcome to newer members and then welcome to everybody else that's that's joined here. We always have a pretty good turnout on these Tuesday Thursday sessions. Usually about 60 people or so. Uh which is which is great. So appreciate you taking the time away. But I want you to use this time, okay, to to just improve your trade plan, improve your knowledge, uh what's going on, why are things happening out there. Okay, we don't have to be putting trades on. I mean, I just don't have a trade uh to put on right now. Okay, or at least I don't have a lot without u you know, putting on some riskier stuff uh in the market. If I was if I had zero uh you know ZP zero BP used, would I be putting something on here? Yeah, I think uh if if I didn't have trades on, I would be probably putting some things on. If you're a newer member and you haven't put money to use, what could we be doing? Well, let's take uh well, I don't want to play with this chart. U this is uh this is our chart on the day. Uh so this is the S&amp;P. So we did gap down, you know, early this morning. So big gap down. No surprise uh on the gap down. Uh here we've run down steadily eight below the 21. Everything's pulling down. Uh the Ballinger bands are fully wide open. So there can be more uh downside to come. the 3ATR band on the 15minute is still down below here. So, we still can head lower. And if you're looking at the threeinut chart here on the right, yeah, we've had a couple instances where we we found our support and we bounced off of it. Okay. And then we, you know, broke through that support. Okay. But then rallied again. Uh failed at that kind of that previous area here. Uh right, you know, couldn't get above the the VWAP. FA, you know, fell down. Here we have a nice bounce right at like the uh I'm going to draw it on here, but right at like the 6685 level. Uh so this **[4:04]** right at like the 6685 level. Uh so this 6685 level, decent little level here. Let's see if that continues to try to hold up a little for uh the market. But right now, yeah, when you look at the 15minute here, well this you've got a definite squeeze play here. So you're looking to squeeze. So we're just going to run through just some technicals and things I'm looking at. uh you know you the average bar before reversal is eight bars. I've said that a number of times. So if you're looking at one 2 3 4 five 6 7 we're on the eighth bar now of a squeeze. squeeze. It doesn't mean a squeeze is going to reverse on bar nine. But this is the average length of a squeeze before it starts to reverse. I'm not saying the markets are going to reverse from here. Okay. But again, this 66 uh 85 level on the S&amp;P has held up a little bit here. Uh I don't know if it'll continue to do so. Uh but that we we've bounced off of here a couple times already. U we still have RSI just grinding flat down around 33. So technically, you know, technically not oversold, but it's oversold. Okay, 334 is close enough. It just uh is waffling between that 33 34 level. We'll see if squeeze reverses that'll uh we'll get the next reading in 6 minutes. Uh here and if we're looking at the uh looking at the 3minut chart here you can see the squeeze. Oh that ding sound is another zero DTE winner. So there's a another good one. All right. So we'll again when you when you don't have a lot of options to trade your normal strategies I think that you you you look for other things that you can be doing and u that's kind of where that comes in uh for me is well then let's uh let's do a little zero DTE which is not my favorite thing in the world. Hang on. **[6:07]** And you can see on this big spike higher, uh, you know, just another another nice bounce and another move on both of these spikes, we've we've made money. I double dipped today. Um, out there, not my favorite thing, but just understanding what kind of a regime we're in, what's going on in the trades here. You could see that on the 3minut, we really been improving. Now, I hate the fact that they keep putting this stuff up here. Uh, but we've been improving since about 11:20. The RSI has been clicking higher. Stoastic momentum's been improving. Uh, squeeze has actually been improving and reversing and moving higher. And then the MACD has also been removing higher. So, all of those things point to uh you know the short-term 3 minute doing some things here some things here and we'll keep taking it. If the market wants to keep coming down to this level, I'm going to keep trading it. Uh if you're going to give me the opportunity here, uh we expect that with a VIX of 26 and we use the rule of 16. Okay, we're going to divide the 26 by 16. That's going to give you a 1.6% 6% average move uh today in the S&amp;P. We're down 1.1%. Uh but a uh a 1.6% move and we opened the day at uh what 6775. Okay, that would be about a $108 move. And we saw that uh at one point today uh where we were down about the 100 points. not exactly uh but we were pretty close to down uh 100 points on the S&amp;P and then we've rallied off of that. So if I'm taking in that 110 point expected move, again, I'm not telling you to go trade zero DTE because I think it's bananas, but um if you have at least some semblance of what you're doing, I'm selling well below what the expected move is down in here. A a VIX of 26 **[8:11]** move is down in here. A a VIX of 26 gives you really good premium. you can get pretty far away. Uh so, uh all those things being said, there's opportunities, uh there. All right, let's get off of that stuff. That's enough on that. And let's just turn our attention to what the heck this market is is doing. And again, uh ES continues to be in a downtrend. If anyone's telling you to buy, I they can't read a chart, okay? I'm I'm just not buying anything here, okay? I want to buy stuff. It's everything's on sale. It's hard to go into a store where the entire store is on sale and actually not walk out with something. But this is what I'm telling you to do right now because because if you like the 5% sale back here, okay, and what are we down now? Um, it's not terrible. I mean, it's not the market is not going to zero right now. Okay, we're down only 4.6% from the all-time high a couple weeks ago. Okay, 4.6% 6% is nothing in this market. It might feel like you're down 30%, but you're not. You're only down 4.6% in the market. But this, you know, this first 3% first 3% here to this level back in uh mid February, late February where we were down 2%. Okay. Well, that was the that that's a like a 10% sale at a store, right? But don't buy the 10%. 10% is not a really a great sale. There's nothing to to buy. Okay. knowing that management's probably management's probably going to cut some more. And then maybe last week when we got down to here a bit and we're down about 5%. Well, that's like more of like like a 25 30%, you know, sale at a store that you like. So, if you like the 30% deal, it's much better than that 10% sale that they were running that was kind of silly. Now, you're getting like the 30% sale in the store. So, that being said, I'm not telling you this is not a great **[10:12]** I'm not telling you this is not a great time to buy. It might be. I like the fact that we're right at this 150 level. I like the fact that every time we've gone below this 150 EMA, this kind of light I don't know what color this is, light greenish color. Every time we've gone below that, we have recovered a bit. So, the 150 is creating a really good support level. I do like it here. Uh I think this is not a bad level uh to start to to look. Would I go hog wild? No. Eight's below the 21. 21's falling. It's below the 50. Bearish PR. RSI is falling the 37. It's a bearish market. No doubt about it. But at this level, we are honing in on the 20 on the 200 day moving average on the ES E- Minis. Well, this number down here, this 6600, this is not a bad spot uh to maybe want to get in at. So, we'll we'll keep an eye on that. But uh overall um it's bearish. So just size appropriately. I wouldn't be going hog wild trying to buy, you know, new leaps or incompartment cover calls or something like that. I know eager did put on uh a meta trade. Fine. If you like that trade here, maybe it that's at least been holding up halfway decently here on meta, but still in a downtrend. I'm not saying that trade is good or otherwise. You're selling calls against it. He's got two calls against one leap, which actually is pretty good u right in here. He's going to make some nice cash flow on that. So, his poor man cash cow trade on Meta. Meta's not hanging in there great, but it's not terrible. Uh but he's got two calls, which is great. So, finding out So, finding out uh what trades you want to make. I would just be cautious here. We haven't seen any kind of a rebound. It's all around oil and nothing's going to **[12:14]** all around oil and nothing's going to clean up until oil gets cleaned up. So, would you would I trade ES? Well, no. It's bearish. Okay. It's bearish. Okay. Would I open any trades here? I probably would not. However, with VIX up at this level if I have a lot of buying power free, and right now for me, I'm at a 55% buying power, okay, which is not bad. And I have a a good number of trades on. Uh that's not enough for me to want to risk any more ES traders because I have four at the money 113s on and the only reason these haven't closed. Normally I never have more than three or if I have four it's only for a couple extra days. Uh but right now VIX is not going to let go of its grip on my naked puts to give me what I want. Uh, so I'm going to hold because my overall buying power is not bad at all and uh it's really looking pretty good for those at, you know, those at the money 113 trades. Uh, so I I'm not going to bail out. Would I add more here? Well, if I didn't have a lot on and I was looking to add a trade, I don't think today's a bad day to necessarily put on a trade. You've got high VIX. high VIX. You've got a a pretty steadily falling market down 5%. I don't think this is the big one yet uh for the year, but again, what I think doesn't matter. Uh but you have this rising wedge. We've broken it. We definitely can come down further. further. It's really up to you where you're going to sell those naked puts and how much pain you're willing to withstand on this. If it fixed your risk profile, fine. I think I would just want to wait a day or two. And I know that sucks when you're a new member and you're thinking, I'm paying this guy 150 bucks, you know, a month. I want some I want to get I got to get my money back in 30 days or I'm going to have to quit. I mean, it's the terrible attitude to have, but some people have that attitude out there. Why don't you learn something here? And I think what you're learning right now is the most valuable lesson in this market **[14:15]** the most valuable lesson in this market environment that you can You don't learn anything when the market's going up 20% a year. You're going to learn how good of a trader you are when the market's dropping right now 5% and things and volatility is high. This is going to test your portfolio. This is absolutely going to make you a better trader getting through this next, you know, this this these couple months here. Absolutely priceless the education that you you're going to get right now. So on ES to me it's bearish. There's no trade. I'm not putting anything on NES. If I didn't have anything on and I had a ton of cash flow, I'd consider maybe like a 111 type of trade, something with low risk right now. Uh but I think this is the perfect time to figure out do you know what your trades are? Do you know how to manage those? Again, I'm you know, Igor's trade with two calls on Meta very timely. great trade because he's going to cash in on all of that income. He's not going to have to worry about about uh this, you know, the calls getting getting tested right now. Again, these are great opportunities to learn. Same thing with our dynamic income poor man covered call trades. Okay, the whole reason we sell at the money or in the money in downtrends is for this purpose. We're actually protecting our downside and making cash flow and paying and we're reducing our our basis. And really that's the goal of the poor man covered call or as eager calls it the poor man cash cow. I love the name. Um you got to get that patented get that patented Eeyore. So anyway u those trades the goal is can I how much can I reduce my cost basis cost basis and and while I'm doing that I'm making some income uh in a stock that I believe is going to go up over time. So, when I can get my cash basis down to maybe a quarter or less than half of what it was **[16:15]** quarter or less than half of what it was and then it starts to rise at some point in the next year, you're going to make a boatload of money on that. All right. So, I think that's uh that's enough on on this. We didn't get past it. We're just we're down we're not down. We were down 88 when I started talking. So, as always, I have brought you guys back up uh to 71 down. So, I've, you know, I've helped just 17 points so far. I can only do so much as one guy here uh to lift the market for you every Tuesday and Thursday, but I will do my best. Uh that being said, I don't think it's the worst spot at this 150 to to sneak in a few trades. Just just size appropriately if you're uh if you're going to buy and I don't know uh if Eigor gave uh anything yesterday on sizing of the trade. did did a great uh if you didn't watch the video or you didn't attend the session uh great session on how to buy leaps uh there you know the days to expiration uh the uh volatility the uh really looking at the exttrinsic value how much what percentage of exttrinsic to have all of those things were were were really really great I think also you have to look at sizing if you're going to start a leaps trade too I think right now you should be sizing small maybe it's and whatever your loss might be. But, you know, maybe I'm going to commit two to 3% of my portfolio. If we keep falling, maybe I'll add another two or 3%. I'm not a big average down guy, but I think in the Leaps game, it's not the worst thing uh to do. All right. So, if you're going to get in, I think you got to size appropriately. I would not go in with 10% of my account right now on a leap trade. Uh, but I might start to to peak in there at like 2 or 3%. Uh, and then selling calls at the money, in the money, or uh, as Eigor does, out of the money or double calls um, you know, out of the money and then further out of the money and then be able to manage those. So figure it out for yourself. But this **[18:15]** So figure it out for yourself. But this is the time that, hey man, I don't have to do anything. I can sit back and learn as opposed to I got to have an alert today. What's what's the alert today? you want to do some crazy stuff, go jump into the ZODTE channel, okay? And follow, you know, what we're doing in there. Um, and gamble your money, uh, that way. All right. Uh, that being said, that's a lot of talk on ES. Let's go back to oil. I've been telling you for weeks now, I mean, oil's been our trade. We got two trades left in oil. We've [clears throat] got an at the money 113. That thing's up 91% today. Probably a good day to probably take that thing off. uh the put debit spreads at like 62 63 we're at 95 uh with 5 days to go I can't see a scenario where oil drops to 63 in 5 days even if there's some ceasefire or something there doesn't seem to be any toning down of rhetoric uh if and I try to stay away from most of the news I'm just trading what the charts are telling me right now the chart tells me oil is in trouble and oil volatility is at a crazy high level 124 on the on the uh volatility index. You can't find except for COVID, there's never been a time where oil has been this high of volatility uh in the history of the OVX. So except for COVID, okay, when no one was going to use oil because we were all going to die from some Chinese lab or something. Um it's never been this high. And right now this is crazy high on oil. And I think Eigor will will echo my sentiment is we don't really like trading high volatility. So I prefer calm volatility. I like the 16 to 20 range of volatility. Even as a premium seller, I don't love wild swings because oil can do anything right now with this crazy volatility. I love a calmer market. I don't think there's anything **[20:16]** market. I don't think there's anything you should do here. I'm would not be telling you to sell calls. The only thing I mentioned was uh maybe look at some defined risk trades. I tried to put one on yesterday. I didn't get it filled. I was being too picky. I put on a call. I was trying to put on a call, broken wing butterfly, which would have paid off phenomenal. That's actually two days ago, not yesterday. Um I just didn't get it on, didn't follow up. If you still think oil could go higher, great. If you think oil could start to reverse, then you know I think those broken wing butterfly trades are great trades um there. I think Eigor even suggested a a standard butterfly today as well. U either one. It's a defined risk trade. I like the broken wing because if we blow through the tent, um I still win at least a one to one riskreward ratio. Uh as opposed to risking all of it if I don't if I don't get the magnitude, the move, and the time frame correct. Uh so I love the broken wing butterfly. I think you could do that on oil. Otherwise, to me, oil there's no trade. there's no trade. Gold Gold gold is fine. I think it's uh starting to slow down here, right? So, yeah, Matt, I'm glad you did. I I didn't get I didn't get in. Um or at least the one I did get in uh was was a we already closed for a winner. Uh here, but gold's doing okay. Uh I think precious metals are under some uh some constraints here. And I keep going back to the same thing. I'll tell you again. It's all based on this chart right here. This is the most important chart outside of oil that I think you should focus on right now. And what is this? This is the US dollar. If the US dollar is going to the US dollar is cranking to new recent highs, okay, not all-time highs, but it is cranking to new highs. Okay, this thing has been steadily going down, okay, for quite some time. And now the US dollar is making a a pretty strong **[22:20]** US dollar is making a a pretty strong run due to this war. The US dollar going higher is not good for a lot of things. Uh number one, it is not good for the 10-year. Okay. Uh here's the rates on the 10-year. You can they you can see they look exactly like the US dollar, right? If rates are rising on the 10ear, the 10ear is what sets mortgage rates. So mortgage rates are going up right now. This is not great. Uh people don't want to see mortgage rates going up. And we've had since this low, okay, we've run up almost 7% increase uh in in yields uh so far to 4.24%. I'm going to be looking at some of these uh potential resistance zones resistance zones uh out here uh on the 10-year uh to see if maybe we come back up fail uh at these. I mean, maybe we're getting overextended on it. I don't know. But if bond yields are rising, then bonds are falling and yields are going to rise as the dollar rises. Okay? And there's no place to hide. There's no safe haven right now because bonds, okay, which I hadn't gotten to yet, but let's just take a quick look because bonds look like dog doodoo. Okay, so here's your here's your bonds. Uh usually a great strangle opportunity. We made a ton of money in strangles on bonds, okay? But not this time because not only did we, you know, fall, but we just kept falling and then had some pretty wicked days. I mean, this is pretty unusual to see these big of moves in the bond market. The bond market doesn't move one point in a day. Typically, u, that's a big move. We're now down here now down here uh, at a previous support level. We'll see if bonds can find anything. They're getting overdone, but that's what that's your safe haven. and your safe haven right now doesn't look too safe. Uh and if you got in here, uh you've had a pretty good haircut on your bond yield, on your bonds. So, bonds are falling because the dollar's rising. The **[24:21]** because the dollar's rising. The dollar's rising because oil's rising. Okay? Oil is putting pressure on the Fed. Uh it's scaring everybody out there due to inflation fears. It's going to keep the Fed from cutting rates, pushing rates higher, blah blah blah blah blah. All right. Same same old story every day so far. Uh right now back to gold. It's not really a a great functioning safe haven right now. Again, it's been on a great run, but lately during this war, it's kind of stalled a little bit here. It's still moving higher, but it's not looking quite as healthy or as strong as it was. It's not bad. Eight's above the 21. Stocks above the 21, but RSI is giving up a little bit here. We are not making new highs. uh the the latest high in gold was nowhere near the previous high of gold. So technically uh you've got a divergence in RSI. That's not good on gold. I'm a little cautious on gold here. Uh I still think maybe a 11x type of a trade is not a bad trade. Uh you can't trade GC anymore, but you can trade GLD even though might be a little expensive if you don't have a PM account. Uh, but 112 I think or 11x type of trade is a good one here. I don't I'm not loving a whole lot of other types of trades. I definitely am probably not putting on just a naked put by itself uh in here. I don't I don't really have a ton of trust in gold. Uh bonds uh 112 here. Maybe you're down at lows. I'd give it a day to see you. We're almost oversold. This might be a good opportunity. We have bounced from here but the US dollar again continues to strengthen. So you're trading opposite of the direction uh rang it. So if you're just trying to find trades right now and I I I know you're always trying to find a trade uh here. I'm just really being patient uh on bonds. If you one trades don't set up well on bonds. Bonds are very tough to put out one. So yeah **[26:23]** are very tough to put out one. So yeah 11x trade on. you know, maybe you can put on a naked put or something here if you or or a um a put credit spread may not be the worst thing to find your risk if you want to bet that this thing is done falling. But again, you're trying to catch a falling knife here if you're trying to put a trade on with naked puts right now. Okay, I maybe put credit spread and we can look at that. Maybe a put credit spread on bonds. All right, uh there's enough of of that. Uh RTY kind of hanging in there. Same thing. It's right at this 150 uh level. Uh we do have a strangle in here. It's our last remaining strangle. It's doing, you know, it's not doing bad. It's not doing good. It's just down, you know, right now. So, uh we'll just keep an eye on the RTY strangle. And then silver not looking great either. It looks worse than uh looks worse than gold. Uh, but this is a pretty pretty defined triangle pretty defined triangle uh in here. Something's going to break one way or another. If I was a betting man, man, you know, I don't know that I would place a bet either way. You're dead in the in the center here. U looks interesting. May even be a strangle opportunity. I don't think gold is a bad strangle opportunity here. And I didn't have a bullish necessarily strong bullish outlook, but strangle maybe not bad. Okay, you guys got to stomach it. Uh here volatility on gold has come down, but it's still decently elevated. So strangle and gold may not be the worst thing. Just size it properly. All right. Uh I just don't like anything in the mag 7 uh right now. Everything is below it's um eight and eight's below the 21. Uh so Amazon no good. Uh Nvidia, it's okay. It's pretty flat uh here. It's still bearish technically, but I'd say neutral on Nvidia. So, it's **[28:24]** but I'd say neutral on Nvidia. So, it's not bad. Neutral's it's hanging in there. Nvidia's definitely hung in there. And one of the things you want to look for is if we think we're coming to an end, an end, I don't know if we are or not. Okay. I I can't predict the future. What has held up? Well, okay. Well, Nvidia's held up well, so maybe getting into Nvidia here, not the worst thing in the world because it's definitely held up pretty well while the market is sucking. Uh, so Nvidia, it's less bad. Might be a good spot to get in. Tesla, I like, you know, it's it's bearish, but it's trying to break out of this bullish falling wedge here. And it it did yesterday, back in a little bit today. We'll see if Tesla can survive it. It's a little bit more bearish, but it's still holding up. Uh, Eigor pointed this one out meta yesterday. yesterday. Through yesterday, it was pretty neutral. Today, it's dropping a bit more. I'd want to see it break this uh triangle, but again, this thing's not falling apart, right? So, Nvidia and Meta, they're not falling apart while the market's doing this. Okay, that's a sign that may say that, hey, if if we rebound, what's going to rebound first? Okay, well, maybe Meta and Nvidia might might be the first ones uh to recover. All right, Apple, no good. Uh Google kind of hanging in there, too. So, if we do bounce, maybe Google will also recover. It doesn't look good here, so I wouldn't just get in yet, but keep an eye on it. Microsoft, it doesn't look great. Um, Palanteer, it's hanging in there, okay, but it's war driven. I don't know what happens if the war stops. Does this thing keep going up or not? Uh, it got a war bounce. bounce. U, we'll see. But it looks okay, but it's already made a move. Uh, Broadcom, it's hanging in there. Okay. So, again, I think some of these stocks when everything's done, they can pop higher. **[30:26]** everything's done, they can pop higher. I just don't know that I want to get into any of them yet. ARM no good. ESTs not not great. Boeing definitely not great. Costco hanging in there. I don't know you know where this goes when things calm down. Uh I love GE Vernova. You guys know this is one of my favorite stocks out there. It's a great stock, great company. Uh it's hung in there very very well uh so far. Goldman Sachs because financials all stink. Uh HIMS has already made a pretty good pop. Uh, not my thing. Hood. I do like uh here. It's hanging in. Okay. I just don't want to be first on this. But if I'm going to take a if I'm going to take a flyer on something for me, it might be Hood. Hey, it's doing everything right. It has great earnings. Okay. So, really good earnings. I mean, fantastic stuff that it's doing. and they every day these guys come out with something new. Uh so there's some new financial thing that they're offering. I really think it's a great company. Uh Iron, one of my favorites by far uh out here. It's hanging in there pretty well. I like Iron a lot. This is the main uh poor man covered call or dynamic poorman covered call uh in all of my kids accounts. Last year we used Hood and we rode it upund and something percent. This year we're going to try Iron and do the same thing. Uh I like Iron as well down here. All right. Uh Novo, I think it's not a bad spot down here. I think this company hangs on. I think it's a deal uh to buy it down here. Oscar, I think it's a good company. I think you got to give it some space here to find its way. But if you want to take a lowcost flyer on something, uh Oscar maybe shop for sure looks good. Spot for sure looks pretty good. Uh they're hanging in there. SoFi not **[32:27]** they're hanging in there. SoFi not looking good. Uh UNH hanging in there sideways. A little weak today, but u it's been a good trade for us. Uh and then Zeta I think looks pretty good. All right, so I mean there's a couple trades. So if you wanted to nibble, maybe today's not a bad day uh to be a nibbler. Okay, we're now we're only down 68 points. So we've recovered 20 points since I started talking. I can't talk all day uh to help recover the whole market, but we'll do what we can. And then Bitcoin here, I think it's hanging in here great. I love where Bitcoin is. Uh if the US dollar stalls out a bit here on its rise, uh I think that will be the reason for Bitcoin to move higher, but Bitcoin the 8 is now crossing the 21. You can barely see it. Okay, but Okay, but the eight is crossing the 21. That is a very nice sign uh to see. That's the first time that we've seen the eight above the 21 since all the way back here on January 20th uh before the big precipitous drop in Bitcoin. I think this is a great spot uh to be in. Uh strategy, same type of thing. It's held up very well in this market. Good for us. Uh but here's my play. Uh I am an absolute Ethereum bull. uh the eight hasn't crossed the 21 like Bitcoin has, but I think this thing can run and I think it can run harder uh than Bitcoin, but either way, I don't know that you and it's actually up today with the markets down ultra resilient. When things clear up, I think you're going to see crypto making its run. So, if I'm doing something, I may want to do something in uh I am adding Ethereum in other accounts. Uh you may want to, you know, look at ETHA or you may want to look at Bitmine. Uh here, Bitmine, uh Tom Lee just continues to buy, you know, boatloads boatloads of Ethereum, uh here. So, he's very getting, you know, he's he's growing a ton of it in Bitine. We are breaking **[34:27]** ton of it in Bitine. We are breaking this downtrend line, uh that we're in. This is not a bad spot to to look to add uh Bitmine in my opinion. Anyway, there's a bunch of opportunities there. Um, if I have to choose one, I'm probably a Bitmine guy uh over ETHA, but we can look at trades in either one out there. All right. Yeah, let's talk about how to get into some of these trades uh out there. uh out there. All right, let's get into our account. Okay, here's the account. Um, looking okay today. Okay, I mean down a [clears throat] little bit here. Uh but we did um we did close out a couple nice zero DTE, so that'll help us uh today. Uh oil, we've got the at the money uh 113 and we got a Jade Lizard. Both of those are doing just fine. Uh the Jade Lizard's not going to perform as well because why? Because you're so far up in the tail here. the tail here. Okay. So, the most we're going to do here, unless oil falls back under 72 in the next 35 days, which is possible. And so, we're just going to hang on to this trade. We're way up here. Uh the most we're going to make is a,000 bucks on this trade. And we are currently at 696. So, there's still more upside to go. Uh it's being held up because of these uh six naked puts uh here with with ultra high volatility. That's just going to slow this thing down. It's all good. Um, all right. Uh, so nothing to do there on oil and then our at the money 113. I don't think we're going to hit the uh the trap on this thing with 5 days to go. Um, I don't think it's the worst thing in the world uh to take this thing off here. Okay, we can't really make much more money. The most we can make is $1,300 make is $1,300 up in the tail. So $1,300 up in the tail **[36:27]** up in the tail. So $1,300 up in the tail and we're up $11.40. 40. So, yeah, I can make another $160 make another $160 on this thing. on this thing. I don't know. We're close to 90, so I'm not going to take it off till I hit 90%. Uh, we have to see oil volatility give up a little bit and then these puts will actually come in pretty quickly. Um, and then we should make our 1,300 bucks. So, we're close. I'm going to wait for my 90%. I have plenty of buying power. If I if I took this off, it would only be to free up some buying power to end add something else. And I don't like anything else. All right. Uh quickly through the ES trades, uh we've got this at the money 113 again. It's it's up today. It was up and then I screenshotted it and when I screenshotted it, it was down. So here it's up, it's down, it's up, it's down uh for the day. But, uh, it's it's cycling between being up a few bucks to being down a few bucks today. See, it's up 250 now. 1,500 bucks now. Now down 10. Uh, but any either way, this thing only has eight days to go. We are nicely in the trap. Okay, we are nicely in the trap. We're not even at the halfway point of the trap, which would be if we were down here with a couple days ago, maybe getting a little bit nervous. We're up here with a couple days to go. You can see how this T plus0 line is rising. Even if we rallied a couple hundred points from here, it wouldn't affect, we wouldn't be giving up anything. In fact, it could actually help a small fraction. But we're shooting for this $5,000 in the trap, okay? As opposed to the 2500 in the tail. And right now, we're at 3,000. So, we're up, you know, it's up 120% which is great, but I want more and I don't see any reason to get out of it right now. **[38:28]** All right. Now, that being said, uh I I just don't see a reason to get out. We're up 120%. We'll take it. We got another at the money 1113 here up 70% uh in 35 days. Uh that's just it's totally on track. We are in the trap on this one. one. We are not in the trap anywhere near as far on this one. We're just barely into it. Perfect positioning. We don't want to give up the trap necessarily, but we're not we're not above the 100%. So, doesn't really matter right now. Uh 90% would be the win, but if we're close to that mouth of the trap, we're going to hold this thing longer. Uh here's our BA11. Yeah, it's up 600%. Uh but uh that's a little a little misleading, but it's perfect. It's perfect. Okay. I'd like it to I'd like to see the market drop a little bit more. Uh but we are in this uh we are in this because if we run higher and the market rallies, we're only going to make 45 bucks, which would be nothing. Okay. But u I mean it's better than the stick in the eye, but it's not great. But we want to we want to land in this trap. But we got too much time left to go. We got 36 days uh on this market. This one may or may not pan out. If you're happy with your 287 bucks, uh take it and run. If not, it's all good. all good. Uh you can get out. Uh or you can wait. Uh here's another at the money. This one's down a bit right now. Uh because in 17 days, the market has gone down. We're in the trap. So, we're going to have some pressure on it with volatility being higher. being higher. Our 120day six delta naked put is in good shape. Uh right now we're nowhere near in any trouble, but it's it's barely up. It was up 30% at one point and now it's down. It's all volatility driven. Uh this is not a delta problem. This is a Vega problem uh in here. And then we did add another uh at the money trade this week. Uh I this one I'm excited about. Uh market's down. We're not even in a trap and we're already up 30% on that trade. So, this trade's up **[40:30]** 30% on that trade. So, this trade's up 30% in three days. This one's down 5% or is flat in 17 days. Why? Well, because this was put on in a higher V uh regime and a little bit at a little bit lower price uh on it. So, that's why if you have the opportunity today, then maybe you look at it. Oh, we're back down to 75. All right. RTY. Nothing to do on that one. That strangle's fine. Uh, all right. Gold. We've got a jade lizard on here. here. Uh, if you were putting on, by the way, uh, if you want a quick model of something, if we were going to put on a trade in ES here, uh, today, I'd be careful, but I'd still be looking maybe this 57day range. You may want to go. The 57day kind of sucks cuz it's only 100 wides. You may want to go here. I don't know if you like 100 wide or 50 wide. I just did a 100 wide here. Uh, this is a 50 wide. So, this one's a 50 wide, but the most recent one I did was a 100 wide. Okay. So, I still because I got such great pricing on this and I went so I went 100 wide on that one. Uh anyway, if you want to go the normal 50 wide here and [clears throat] do an at the money 11 one anything uh you could start looking here. Let's pick this and take a quick look at what this would look like. So here's a 111. So it's going to be a less risky trade because we only have one one uh on it and Ah, whatever. Um, let's keep looking at this. I was going to change the setting on it, but we'll do that later. **[42:31]** we'll do that later. Let's actually take these positions off. All right. So, this is what I'd be looking at here for a 111 trade. It's not bad. you're going to take in, you know, $800 know, $800 on 6030. Okay? So, you're going to make 13% 13% in the tail uh risking $6,000. That's not bad for 64 days out there. And you're going to have a pretty nice tent here that is going to give you what is it? Uh four times the amount of money. Boy, I really like this trade uh a lot. So, because of the volatility right now, you can sell a 5,500 put and put [clears throat] a just a 50 wide put debit spread. You're still going to make 13% in the tail, but in the trap, $3,300. You're going to make over 50% on this trade. I really like this trade a lot right here. lot right here. So, not a bad trade. Let me uh let me drop this thing into the trade ideas in Discord. Okay. Uh let's go to Discord really quickly. This is an ES11. It's an at the money 111, which I really like. Um I think this is a good trade. So, if I'm looking at a trade, if I have BP available, I'd have looked at this trade here, the 111. If you happen to like the the 112, well, [clears throat] your risk is going to increase. to increase. However, uh you you're going to be looking at a pretty nice return. 2475 uh using 12775. uh using 12775. Okay. Now, you're looking at a 19% in the trap. Okay. and a little less than 50% in the tail. So technically I think the better trade for **[44:33]** technically I think the better trade for me is this 111 trade. I really like the 111 trade here. Looks pretty pretty spiffy. Okay. Um so if you're you're just dying, you got to put on a trade and you can't contain yourself and control yourself right now. Um this would be a potential trade uh to get on. Okay. Just understand your risk uh in doing it. But I, you know, that's probably my favorite looking trade right now. If I'm putting on a trade, I'm probably not putting on anything in oil. I'm probably not doing much in gold, but we can take a look at like a 11x trade in gold. But right now, I already have a Jade Lizard on. It's at 62%. I already have a 112. It's up 67% 65%. I don't have to do anything with these. Uh, our poor man covered call trade here is here is in perfect shape. There's nothing to do here. We're pretty close. I mean, we're slightly in the money on it, but I don't really care. Uh because that mean gold is is uh protected to the downside a bit when we put this on. It's dropped. Uh we're making money here. Uh and actually this trade is um you know, pretty flat on the session today. Still a little bit of a bullish um overall delta between these two. So you can see the delta down here 3650 and delta up here 27. So we've got a bullish delta trade and that's what we want. I don't want to go negative delta on something that's slightly bullish like gold is right now. If I didn't have a gold trade, what would I be doing? You can look at like one one X-T type trades. Let's go 50 days and see what they I like the one strike. We can do an at the money trade. Boy, I don't know that I love You don't have enough strikes down below. Okay. Can't even use that. We can use 60. All right, that's we couldn't even do that trade. Five wide here to 395 is not terrible. Oops. **[46:36]** Five wide. Go down to around again to 7 delta-ish around 395. We'll do a 112 here. Um, here. Um, this is not a good trade. And the reason it's not a good trade is that the buying power required for gold right now is just too much. Okay, so here's your 112 and gold. Okay, you can make $146. Okay, on this trade, but you're going to use 5335. use 5335. Okay, it's going to make 2.7% in 64 days. It's not enough. It's just just not enough money uh to be made in gold uh right now. So, I don't like the trade. I don't like a gold trade. I don't think they've set up the buying power increases in gold m are hampering gold trades making them very difficult uh to put on. I still have several trades in here. Okay. If you want to go with an income covered call, I don't think it's the worst thing to do. uh you could go out could go out and and buy your calls a year or or more out if you think it's going to go up. I'd be more cautious how far out you go in gold uh right now. So, if you're going out in gold, remember I go my distance is determined by where is the where is it selling. So, I'd like to go out further when it when it's when it's at the 50 or the 150 uh EMA, but right now we're only at the 21 EMA. So, that would probably mean I would run a shorter trade. Uh I might do something like 190 days because I don't really trust gold a lot uh in here. And then maybe you're buying maybe you're buying uh instead of spending, you know, $47,000 to buy gold, I can actually just spend uh $9,200, spend uh $9,200, okay, for this. So, I'm going to save a ton of money because if I was buying gold uh right now, even with um it's a **[48:40]** gold uh right now, even with um it's a $47,000 cash hit to buy this, even though it's only using 9,000 in margin, but if you buy the leap, as Eigor and I have both covered numerous times, this is where you save a bunch of money. Uh I would you can buy the synthetic and sell the protective put as well. Uh, I'm kind of leaning towards a couple of these uh single call versions because yes, they cost a little bit more, but I'm okay with that because with that because it would keep me from getting too crazy with my buying power on other trades. Okay, that' be the only reason. Okay. Yes, it's less efficient than because at $9,200, $9,200, it's less efficient oops than this trade. And if I just went down and bought that. Okay, this is only $1,700 for the same basic trade. Okay, so 1,700 bucks for the same trade as this one was costing me 9,200. Obviously, this is a lot less margin. So, it's going to be a lot more friendly cashwise to your account. A little bit more friendly BP-wise. Okay, it's the exact same setup. exact same setup. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's the exact same setup as buying the call, right? Because you limit your downside. Okay. Because you have the protective put. So you have unlimited upside, you have a limited downside. So doing the synthetic here is only going to cost you $ 1,700, which is a lot cheaper, okay, than buying the 400 at $8,700. And the curve is the exact same curve. Okay? There's no difference in this trade except you spend doing the synthetic. You spend one one fifth or less uh of the of the cost of buying a LEAP. So this is why I like the leaps better with the synthetics. **[50:40]** leaps better with the synthetics. However, However, sometimes I think you need to just buy the stock. If you don't if you don't have portfolio margin either, you may want to look at some other things. But this is obviously going to chew up u a little bit more cash, but you know about the same amount of margin here. But I'm okay with a little bit more margin or a little bit more cash because that will keep me from overextending myself uh and putting on too many other trades because I'm putting on low margin, high leverage trades on it. But hey, if you bought gold here at 8,700 bucks and you were going to sell whether you go in the money or out of the money, but if you're selling at the money, okay, you're selling almost $800 at the money. So 10 of these trades pays off the extrinsic will pay off your your your leaps. If you want to go out of the money on these a bit too, you can go out of the money a tad and give yourself a little bit more and still still take in almost 580 bucks of exttrinsic value here. And you're still going to take in overall 565 bucks on an $8,000 trade. Uh that's not bad, right? not bad, right? So if you don't mind this, you can make six 7% a week on gold in here. So, I don't think that's a bad opportunity on gold. I don't think there's anything else I want to do. The buying power is too high. Strategy right now, we're in good shape. There's nothing we have to do. Um, we sold the right calls and they're paying off for us here. Um, Oscar, I'm still in this trade. It's still up nicely. I would consider I mean, I absolutely want to own Oscar at some point. We'll see. Palant here. I would still love to own it at 80. I don't know if I'm ever going to get there. Uh we'll see, but I'll let that trade just cook. Uh the Q's. All right. **[52:41]** trade just cook. Uh the Q's. All right. So, we have a naked put here is up 53%. That thing's fine. Okay. And then we also have because I would own it at 550. And then we're selling calls. Yeah, we are up to 67% but it's not enough uh to roll uh right now. So, I think we'll just leave the Q's alone. and then SPY here. here. And when you're looking at these trades, SPY is below the the 21. It's not quite to the 200, but it is at the 150 level. I think if you're depends SPY is a big boy trade, but I I wouldn't be necessarily opposed to looking to enter here on a SPY in compartment covered call. Um, I have this 640. I'm only 28 points away. I've have a a profit in it anyway. Uh, but I want to get into a new one. This thing only has 98 days left on it. So, maybe in about another month, I'll probably going to clean this one out. I also don't want to give it all back. back. These make a lot of, you know, good money now. We're at 95% here. So, we should roll with one day to go anyway. Uh, so we'll roll out. we can roll out to next week. We're going to have to roll down and to avoid the whipsaw and a potential bounce off the 150. We're only going to go halfway to here. So, it's a halfway roll to avoid the whipsaw if this thing does rebound later today or tomorrow. tomorrow. So, that's what we're going to do. So, we'll Yep. Boom. Done. All right. So, we rolled. We only rolled half the way down. We're still out of the money. We're still going to collect $774 on this trade. Okay, we own this thing uh at 111, uh at 111, right? So, we'll we'll take that. So, $11,000. $11,000. Okay. And we're taking in 774. **[54:47]** Okay. It's a nice 7% return. All right. We'll take that. Okay. So, there's spy. We rolled it. If you're not in spy, you could consider it. I'm trying to avoid adding a lot of individualized stocks for these. But if you wanted to do SPY, let's go out here and look at perman call on spy. Now spy is down at the 150 level. Okay, so because it's at the 150 EMA, not the 20. If it was at the 20 EMA, I'd probably go shorter time frame. At the 150 EMA, I think it's a better I think it's a better buy. Uh Matt again rolling spy of the eighth lesson 21. Yes, you should roll in the money, but I'm not going to roll all the way down because I'm trying to avoid the whipsaw. So, I'm just I'm rolling down as I go. I'm still making good money on it. I'm rolling down trying to avoid the whipsaw. I can't roll the whole way uh down right now, at least according to my kind of my trade rules um on it. But yes, eventually we'll if it continues this way, uh if we have to if we have roll again, hopefully we'll get closer to at the money in the money. Uh Scott's a good question. I'll get back to your question in a minute. So, let's take a look at uh going out 372 days on SPY. days on SPY. If you wanted to roll to if you want to open somewhere around that 80, that puts you about 3 535. I think I would be fine with 535. with 535. Okay. So, if I was going to buy the LEAP here, here, the one thing you have to consider is if I'm buying the LEAP, it's going to cost me $16,000, me $16,000, right? Which is fine. Uh I'm okay with with spending $16,000. And let's let's put some notes in here. So, we're going to buy the Leap here. It's going to cost me $16,4 me $16,4 80 bucks or something in in cash. My only my buying power is only going down 10 grand, but my cash 1660. Eigor talked about this the other day, too. $30 of that is exttrinsic. So, I'm **[56:50]** too. $30 of that is exttrinsic. So, I'm going to have to pay on the 30 bucks. I like theor's little metric here. Taking the 30 bucks off the 164. It's roughly 18% 18% uh of uh of of the cost. Okay, which I don't think is too bad. Eigor was I think was was talking about 20% or less uh or half or less. So 18% extrinsic that's not much. I don't mind paying this off for over a year away from now. So I don't mind this trade and I'm really personally trying to avoid stocks. Okay. So I like SPY. I also like QQQ but I consider SPY at the 535 level. Okay. And if you're selling roughly seven days, you know, out uh from here and you go right at the money. That's $9 of exttrinsic because again, we're in a downtrend. Uh if you want to go out of the money, too, you could go you could go all the way to 674 to still get 1% on the cost of the stock, right? Because extrinsic is $6.60 60s on a $6 $660 stock, which is 1%. So technically, I'm going to get paid 1% exttrinsic on this, which is great because taking in $660 on on this trade is not bad. So 660 bucks and I was paying $16, what? 480 uh for the leap. That's 4%. I'm going to make 4% in a week. This is not bad and it's spy. So I don't have any stock risk. What if you know you do this in Amazon and they come out and say hey we've got you know robots have taken over the factories and uh they've killed all the human whatever you know. So any kind of news can come out of any of these companies that can **[58:50]** out of any of these companies that can tank the stock tomorrow. Somebody can get fired somebody can be killed. Somebody can be, you know, say something stupid. It doesn't really matter. This avoids single stock risk, which is why I like spy. So, selling this 1% this 1% extrinsic on the cost of the stock still yields me almost 4% because I'm spending one quarter of the money. So, instead of 66,900, okay, I'm only spending 16,480. Okay, so I'm spending one quarter of the money, which means anything I sell here, I can multiply by four and that's my rate of return. So if I'm selling a 1% exttrinsic option, okay, I'm not looking at deltas or anything else. I'm looking at roughly a 1% exttrinsic option here. That's going to give me a 4% return on on my money, okay? On my cash. Now, I'm not talking about my buying power, which is even lower, but that's not bad. Okay, so that one gives me a pretty good return. And then if you wanted to look at the Q's, which I almost like a little bit better, bit better, uh, because they got a little bit more juice in them. Uh, the Q's are holding up a little bit better right now. They're bouncing off that 150 and holding it pretty well. Closer to the 200. I like the Q's. So, if I wanted to do the Q's, I could do the same thing. Let's go up here and we're going to run you if you're going to 80. You know, anywhere [clears throat] again between I think 75 and 85 are good strikes. I don't like going all the way to 90 or down to 70. But um let's just pick let's just pick this 475 here. Okay, we can save ourselves a little money if we go a little bit higher, but um if we did the $475 on the Q's. **[1:01:00]** Okay. Well, this is a $600 stock and I'm buying it for 158. So, it's like a 3.8% 8% uh leverage uh that I'm getting. So, it's costing me again almost 27 28% less uh I'm sorry, I'm only paying 27% of the actual stock cost uh to get into this. Right? So, keep that in mind. And then we go out 7 days and let's just sell something with about uh again with about that 1% exttrinsic on it. Yes, we're in a downtrend, so we could go in the money uh on this as well. Uh but we're very close to a support level. So, I'm being a little cautious on this. But I can take in $617 take in $617 by selling this and my $15855 that I was paying. Uh I'm going to make again about 3.9% 3.9% return return uh on this in a week. Not too bad. if you wanted to go out further because you want to be you want to just do less work. Right now, because of the volatility, I'm keeping it short, but I would like to start getting out closer to two to four weeks. But even if I went out four weeks on this thing, if you still wanted um to get roughly 1% a week or let's just say you wanted maybe only you only want to make like 5% a month or something. I mean, you could technically go to like the 613 call. Okay, you're going to make a,026 of exttrinsic on your 15 your 15 855. Uh, that's a 6% return in a month. And I know it's not 4% a week, but hey, you don't have to do anything for four weeks on this thing. Sell this strike out here, okay? And make roughly 6.5% a month. Okay, you want a little bit more safety. safety. Okay, [clears throat] you can go out to here to the 620. Okay, on the 620 I'm **[1:03:03]** here to the 620. Okay, on the 620 I'm going to make $700 on my 15855. on my 15855. Okay, I'm going to make 4% a month. 4% a month and I'm way out here. Okay, I I personally like I like to to move it in a little bit more more uh here, especially because we're in a downtrend. you could actually go at the money as well. Uh, and this would give you $17 of exttrinsic and would give you $17 of protection. So that would give you a coverage all the way down to about 15, I'm sorry, down to 5.87. So if Q's continue to fall to 587, you just bought yourself uh protection all the way down. And if we run higher, it doesn't matter. I still get to keep almost $1,700 and it's going to be offset by any gains. The convexity of the longs because the longs because the longs uh are a much higher delta than these. The convexity of the longs is going to pay me more. So, I don't really care if I sell at the money. This is why I don't care about the at the money in the money out of the money thing because the convexity of the longs they'll make way more on this and I'm giving myself protection making cash and the convexity of the longs will offset the gains and you know what if it runs all the way up to 700 by the end of the month we'll just close the trade and take the win right uh because we're going to have a great win u great win u on that we're going to make several thousand dollars on this thing so we'll make almost 8% something like that um in one month. Not a bad trade. Uh so Q's I I would be interested here uh in looking at those. All right, let's see. We got to wrap it up uh here. Uh yeah, a good question was any thought about wrapping up some of these old put debit spreads out here? Well, this one's only got eight days and it's not going to save me a lot. Uh me, I'm only going to save about 15 **[1:05:04]** me, I'm only going to save about 15 bucks. So, or 25 bucks. So, probably not. This one, if I closed it here, it's going to save me about 150 bucks. That's not It's not bad. Um, this one out here, if I close this one now, because I really don't need these quite as much right now, uh, this one's going to save me about $300. So yeah, Scott, I I definitely think that on these on I think on this spike and this drop here, I would actually consider closing some of these today. I've been looking at that. Haven't made up my mind. These farther ones out there like 36 days where you're really making some decent you're you're you're not going to make money. You're just not going to lose as much. So it's just saving some. It's just a cost savings here. Uh, but this one will save me $340 bucks to close it. Now, this one will save me $700. So, I can almost close this one right now. I'm only going to lose 125 bucks instead of losing all 8.25. I think that makes sense. I don't necessarily think I need this one. And if I look at this one, I'm actually making money on both of these. This one's up 315 bucks. I think it makes the most sense to close this one and take in 300 bucks. 300 bucks. So, I do like that idea here. Okay. So, [clears throat] we'll see if we can close that one because we got we actually have a winner on a put debit spread. And while they are giving me some, some, you know, some help here, I I' I'm not saying the bottoms in, but I may want to start to pull some of these um Well, this one here is up 550 bucks. **[1:07:06]** So, I think that's another good idea. We'll take a look at both of these. So, these two is going to make I'm gonna actually take in Oh, one just closed. Oh, no, it's still working. U All right. So, we'll look at these. So, these two are actually going to make me $800 and some dollars to close them now. One's one just closed, the bigger one. Uh we'll see if the other one closes. And then this one's still going to make me a few bucks as opposed to losing 800. I don't think that's bad either. Um, it will still give me more protection protection on. So, I agree. Uh, let's close let's close a couple of these. I'm going to close the the ones that have some profit in them right now and then we'll keep some of these other ones on just to see if if we can pull some off. There we go. So, we got three of them closed so far. Right. So, I think that's a I think that was actually a really good question. I've been looking at that. It still gives me several put debit spreads, but I have this 100 wide here on this ATM. That's going to be more valuable to me. That thing's already up $600 $600 for that 100 wide. Okay. So, that's going to offset any and this is at a 6968. It's already in the money. These things aren't even in the money. They're not even close. Okay. They're almost a thousand points away. thousand points away. So, they're going to do almost nothing for me. In fact, probably even close this one here. this one here. Uh, I'll take a $125 loss, but it's better than the $825 loss. Okay. Don't need the protection as much uh here. So, I will take those off. That's a great point. Other than that, I think that that's it. We rolled what we needed to roll. Uh we're in good shape on everything else. So, I hope this uh makes sense uh to you guys. I got to I got to keep rolling along. **[1:09:13]** And the last question uh that I'll get to today is well what about doing this in ES? in ES? Yeah. Um same thing can happen. We can you you know you can find some m I don't know I don't know there's just no volume or open interest. I don't even think it's feasible to be buying leaps this far out on some of these. of these. All right, let's take a look here. So this you have zero open interest. Okay, and you've got hundreds wides on the spreads. So, you're really taking your life in your hands a little bit here. Uh, there's just no open interest. Nobody's buying these leads. These are But this is a this is a big boy trade, okay, on ES. So, you got to have a a big old account. So, we're going to buy this one. Okay. This thing's going to cost me $70,000. $70,000. Okay. So, if you've got a multi-million dollar account and you want to spend 70 grand on an ES Leap as opposed to SPY where I was spending 16,000. Yeah. Um, it just depends on obviously the buying power is only 19 grand, so it's not not a bad again ES. So, so good. It's just a matter of what do you want to do? Okay. But this is going to hurt cashwise. Do you have 70 $70,000 in cash to do it? which maybe you do. Okay. And if you do, great. You could sell that. So 70 grand it would cost you to get in and then you can be selling you know the puts here at whatever um extrinsic you want uh out here. Maybe we're doing something we're doing something you know in this neighborhood or something like that. something like that. and we can take in 200 know $2,800 on our $70,000 in cash. So again, about 4% **[1:11:14]** our $70,000 in cash. So again, about 4% return if we're out of the money. If you want to go in the money, it's a nice way to pick up four grand. Well, not four grand. It's a nice way to pick up 2,200 because you got to multiply by 50. So 20 2,200 bucks 2,200 bucks on 70 is 3%. So that's not bad. um at all. Right? It's just a matter of how big is your account. Someone asked to explain convexity. [clears throat] Convexity essentially is the leverage on the leap options. Let's go see if I can do this quickly. I'm going to do hood because we haven't looked at hood and I really really am interested in in hood. All right. So, let's say I buy the 80 delta50s. So, if I buy the 50, um, I'm going to spend 35 spend 35 75, but this is 80 delta, right? It's technically 82 delta. All right. So, when that that means the it's going to go up u you know 82% of the stock. Let's say and the stock is at 76. I'm just writing some numbers down. So stock's at 76. We're going to buy the 50, which I really kind of like buying the 50 on hood here. hood here. Um [snorts] anyway, I'm getting carried away. U so let's say the stock goes up. If you bought the stock, you'd be buying it at $76, right? If the stock goes up $5, okay, and you own the stock, okay, it's $5 divided by 76, right? Which is 6.5%. So a $5 move is 6.5% **[1:13:15]** So a $5 move is 6.5% increase in the stock. So far so good, right? So we own the stock at 76, it goes up five bucks. Okay? So 5 divided by 76, 6.5, 6.6%, 6% something like that. But if the option obviously the option is going to go up as well, but the option is only going to go up. 082* $5. So the option is going to go up $4. But I bought the option at let's just say 3575. say 3575. So Ford divided by 3575, okay, is 11%. okay, is 11%. Okay, so this is the this is the beauty of options and owning LEAPS is a a 6% move in the stock is a an 11% move in the option. So the convexity here uh essentially is that the options when stocks are moving higher this lower option is going to move up very quickly. Now, what would happen here? Bear with me on this. me on this. Yeah, you're going to double by owning the leaps. Don't get carried away, but yeah, you're going to double. Let's say we sold the we sold the Well, let's do an at the money because everybody freaks out at [clears throat] the money. So, let's say we own the at the money. Well, I guess we'll do the 77. Let's do 76. Okay. If we sell the at the money on hood, this is the 76 strike and we're going to sell this for $325. $325. Now stocks at 76, we sold the option at 76. Technically, there's there's no intrinsic at all, right? Uh so technically there'd be no intrinsic. So if we sold this for 325, it would be almost all exttrinsic. I mean, I know this is bouncing around by 7 cents. So, **[1:15:15]** this is bouncing around by 7 cents. So, there's a little bit of a difference here. It's showing like 311, you know, of the 325, but let's just let's just [snorts] call it no intrinsic. But the stock goes up $5. So, when this and this is a is a 50 delta, 50 delta, okay, stock goes up $5. What's this option going to do price-wise? Well, my 325 option that's at 50 delta is going to go up five points times the 50 delta, which is 2.5. So, it's going to go it's going to increase in value by 2.5, 2.5, but we're getting 325 in exttrinsic. So, even if the stock goes up $5 and is $2, you know, it's going to it's going to be $5 in the money. Okay. So $5 in the money, but I'm getting I'm taking out my 325 of exttrinsic. Okay, I'm only going and and it doesn't, you know, it's not going to go quite it cost me quite as much. So $5 in the money. Okay, minus let's just say the 325 is only $175 loss. Okay, so I'm going to lose $175 when I back the extrinsic out. But remember, my leap went up 11%. went up 11%. And this thing only went down a very small percent. Okay? Because it's at a 50 delta. So this thing won't go up as fast, fast, okay? As the leap goes up. So there's where your convexity kind of, you know, comes in. Hopefully that makes some sense. But at 50 delta, this can't go up as fast, okay? Because it's only 50 delta. Now obviously the more in the money it goes the higher the delta becomes the more it starts to you know act like a 70 delta as opposed to a 50 but it starts at 50. Okay. And as it goes in the money by five points. Okay. **[1:17:17]** goes in the money by five points. Okay. The delta may change, but still the most you're gonna, you know, lose here is a very small portion, very small portion, but it the option price should only go up about half of what the stock price does by the time we're done. But yet, my leaps went up by 11%. Um, versus this going down by, going down by, you know, a very small percent. So, anyway, I hopefully that makes sense and maybe I didn't explain it 100% great, but uh there's your convexity. It's It's really the long options leverage that's going to help you. All right. Uh that being said, uh things are good. Uh we're only down 79 bucks. So, yeah, we're we improved it by $9 since we started talking here. Uh it's a good day. We'll take it. Uh what we need is this VIX number to chill out. It was at 27. It's at 2617. If VIX can chill and oil can chill, then these then the profit on these things is going to really start to soar pretty quickly. All right, there's some trades for you. I like the hood trade. I like the spy trade. I like the QQQ trade. Um I'm not saying it's an all clear, but I would I think we could start to look at potentially getting into a few of these income cover call situations here. um where we're uh we can protect our downside a bit, but I would go in with a really small um um start. I wouldn't start with like 5% of my account. I'd start with like 2% and then I would average down if need be. Uh I don't love to average down on a losing trade, but I in this case I this is where I would consider it. I'm not talking about option trading. I'm talking about owning the underlying. And when you're owning something as an investment, then averaging down is okay. But I do not average down like a loser. So if I was losing on a zero DTE trade or I was losing on a a 112 trade, I'm not going to double **[1:19:19]** a a 112 trade, I'm not going to double down on trades. But on investments, dollar cost averaging in is okay uh for me, but not on trades. Hopefully that makes sense. makes sense. All right. DIA. Um, yeah, DIA is holding up pretty decently. Uh, here I'm going to get out of this trade. So, on DIA, what do we got? Um, yeah, DIA is actually worse. Um, it's below the 150 and it's closer to the 200. 200. I don't know what's going to re, you know, what's going to rebound quicker if things start to bounce here. Is it going to be DIA or is it going to be like the Q's? Uh, and I think instead of utilities and energy here, I would rather be slowly getting into um spy or QQQ. That would just be my opinion. All right, uh, that's enough. This is long. Uh, let's get out of here, guys. And we will see all of you guys in the Discord. Hope this was great. Uh, we'll see you later. Bye-bye.
