---
title: "Option Gains Strategy | Dynamic Income Premium Option Trading"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: _pIdP7kQWnY
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pIdP7kQWnY
upload_date: 2026-01-28
duration: "27:47"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Option Gains Strategy | Dynamic Income Premium Option Trading

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-01-28
**Duration:** 27:47
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pIdP7kQWnY

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]** Hello, hello, and welcome traders. Hey, good evening. It's been a while since I've been on. It's been a busy time. Lots of stuff going on uh with the family. We got blizzards going on here. Uh snow everywhere, just running around doing a lot of errands, and frankly, just spending a lot of time in the Discord with the members and uh bouncing some two trade ideas off of them. So, what I thought I would do tonight is just again catch up. It's been a while. Share where things are going right now. And I thought we'd just take a look at the portfolio and some of the trades I have on. Maybe you get some ideas from that. Maybe you'll uh get some ideas you don't want to do. Maybe you'll see some things that maybe tweak your interest a little bit. Uh so I'm going to walk through the positions, some of the trades, and just give you a sense of what I've been working on here. And we're always tinkering, doing a little bit of this and that. Uh and I'll show you a few things that I've changed up uh as well as we started the the new year here. So, let's uh get into it. And first thing I want to do is really just get out there and share how the portfolio is going and let's just jump into the portfolio. So, let's go. Uh so, quick take a look at where we are. Uh we are nicely up for the year. Uh but, uh delta's at 5.56. I'm pretty delta neutral, which is where I want to be uh right now. I'd like to be under 2% of my net lick of delta. I'm at 0.1. I think that's where I want to be right now. Even though the market is still bullish in a bullish mode, I'm getting a little more cautious every time we go a little higher uh here. So, that being said, we've got a lot of theta 62%. Actually, way more theta than I want to have on. We're going to show you why that is. So, we'll get into that and show you where all that theta is coming from. It's a little high, which usually equates to a little more risk than I want to have on. Uh, and that likes at 484 683. So, we're in great shape there. Uh, BP usage is at 223, which means I am at right now 46% uh on my uh of my BP to my net lick, **[2:06]** uh on my uh of my BP to my net lick, which for me is one of the lowest I've been. we have ratcheted up into the 60s and 70s and then we've just started to kind of slowly come down here uh as a the portfolio is growing and b I'm just letting trades come off as I reduce risk. Uh so we're in good shape uh that way. So that being said, uh there's where the portfolio is. Uh we're doing we're doing fantastic. So, let me share a little bit of the portfolio with you and let's walk through some of the positions uh that I have on. All right. So, hopefully you can uh you can see this. Let's uh start off with oil. So, we've got oil positions on and oil had a pretty good update uh today. Uh so, a big move today in oil to the upside. I still don't know that it's sustainable, but oil has been up recently. So, we've got a a 112 trade on here. This thing's up 73% as you can see uh in 29 days. So, perfect. Perfect here. Okay. You want to be in these 112 trades trades uh in a neutral to bullish environment, which is exactly what oil is in. Uh it's moving from a neutral to more of a bullish environment. I can't really say why exactly uh oil is is jumping there. Uh but I think uh just keeping an eye on what's going on and I think crude oil inventories dropped uh more than expected uh here. So when inventories are down, people are going to have to purchase oil to refill some of these inventories which is going to drive the price up. Do I think there's going to be a lot of price increases? No. I think this is kind of a short-lived piece, but either way, we'll take the we'll take the gains. Uh we also have a a new uh version that I've been doing a lot more in the last couple months. Uh but I've been doing what I call an ATM 112 uh which is more of an at the money uh 112 trade. It's like got a much higher delta **[4:08]** trade. It's like got a much higher delta put debit spread uh on it which gives you a lot longer trap. It's right close to the money. So if the price just stays the same, we're going to make money. If the price drops at all, we're going to make even more money than normal. Uh, and I went with the 113 version, uh, because a, I have the buying power to do so. Uh, and b, I wanted just to get a little more juice out of the whole trade. Uh, that being said, we put this thing on, uh, thing on, uh, for uh, 42 cents on here. Uh, we've already decayed a bit now, so we're already up in 5 days. We're up almost 13% on that trade, which I'm going to hold this thing and we're going to watch where oil goes. But you can see how high this trap is. It's 6075 and 6050. Okay, so this is a pretty high 25 cent wide put debit spread that you have on here being paid for by these three. I mean, we're doing a a 66 a 622 instead of a a 311 here, but um in ratios, but uh you can see how high this is, giving you a really high uh delta on these. So, we're not far off of it. So, these are being very responsive uh in here. And we're only two points out of this trap, which if we stay here, it'll be beautiful. I don't think we do. I think we are going to u you know level off at this and maybe pull back a bit as well. Uh that being said, we do have a strangle. That strangle is in a bit of trouble uh right now. I mean, nothing to worry about. We're not going to be closing it at all. Now, the funky thing about this strangle is it's the 4577. Well, this, you know, and the stock is at 62. Okay. The dead center of this strangle is is 62, right? So, it's a 20 32 wide strangle. So, if you take 16 bucks, add it to, you know, half of the the width of of 32. It's 16 wide, 16 plus the 45 puts you right at 61 and **[6:10]** plus the 45 puts you right at 61 and we're at 62. So, why is this strangle down when you are dead in the middle of it? Let's take a quick look at this. I'm sure some of you can tell me the exact reason uh for it, but I mean, look at this strangle. You're dead in the center. Okay, it's a perfect strangle, perfectly constructed. Everything's perfectly constructed. Everything's perfect about it. You know why? It's the IV rank. Okay, IV rank is up to 54 on this, which is just slowing the decay down. Okay, do I think it's going to stay here? No. If you take a look at the oil IV rank, okay, this is at its highest point highest point since, you know, July of this year. Okay, and we have almost doubled uh the volatility in oil recently. So oil volatility has been increasing a little still I think there's some concern in the Middle East uh and some other things that are going on out there. I think uh that's going to subside. So I'm not going to do a single thing here. Nothing to do according to my plans anyway. Uh so that strangle's perfectly fine uh even though right now it's down a tad. All right, let's take a look at the ES positions. Uh so you know I've been doing the 112C trade which is a calendarized 112. I sell naked puts out about 60 days and I've been buying the put debit spreads out about 150 days, 120 some days uh out there, which allows me to stack lots of these put debit spreads on all over the place, which doesn't really provide you with a lot of hedging room. It's not the goal here, but the goal is that if we do have a decent selloff, if I have to roll or close any positions for a loss, some of these put debit spread should help uh with that loss and just keep it uh keep it manageable. And if we happen to sell off slowly and we head down into these, the problem with the then I'll make some money. But the problem with these is because they're so far out in time and because of the cost of what I'm paying, which is about nine bucks uh at a pop on these, they're very far out of the money. You look at 5800, 5700, 5950, **[8:13]** money. You look at 5800, 5700, 5950, 5850. I mean, these are a thousand points out of the money. They're not going to do squat for you. Okay, so I'm going to change up my strategy just a tad here. Uh, but you can see I also do have two naked puts remaining from some of the 112C's. This one's at 63%. This one's at 27%. There's nothing to do here. Markets are bullish. These are beautiful trades. Okay, but if we keep going on, you can see again more put debit spreads all over the place. Okay, I am sitting on a 120day uh naked put here. Uh, it's up nice 23% so far in 29 days. It's right on schedule. uh these take 42 days to come off uh give or take a few minutes. Uh and uh we're right on schedule uh with that. So it's a beautiful thing, but also and again all of these put debit spreads are just sitting here helping me not really hedge the portfolio but give me a little bit of relief if I need them. Uh but what I switched to uh was a at the money 113 similar what I did on uh on oil. Uh I moved to this trade as well here. You can do any combination. You can do 1112s, you can do 224s, you can do a 225, you do whatever floats your boat. Okay, I'm moving my put debit spreads around depend depending on the market regime. Okay, a lot of the trades I'm doing is based upon market regime. What is the market doing? If [snorts] the market's bullish, which ES is bullish here, okay, or is it neutral or is it bearish? If the market's bullish, I want to be in bullish trades. If the market is bearish, I want to be in either bearish trades or if I'm putting on bullish trade in a bearish market, okay, I'm just going to size it down, okay, to maybe 1% of net lick or or less. If I'm putting on maybe a neutral trade in a bullish market or a neutral trade in a bearish market, I'll probably size to, you know, one and a half to 1% of net lick again. And so if you're going totally opposite a bullish trade in a bearish market, now again 1% net **[10:14]** in a bearish market, now again 1% net lick, maybe half a percent of your net lick. Okay? But if I'm in a bullish trade in a bullish market, I want to go all in a full 2% of my net lick on the trade. That being said, that's why I have the three there is because I need the income from that. Uh and I can go up to uh three full trades. But what I like is this much higher trap because even though the market's bullish, I feel like things might be getting a little bit overheated here. So I'm preemptively looking at potentially a much higher trap. Is it more costly? It is. So I ended up with three naked puts to offset some of that cost, which is less than the 224s because if you look here, you can see these are four quantities. So, I've actually reduced risk by going with three contracts instead of four for each trade. And I put these on in a a campaign way. So, I've actually pulled back my wrist. I pulled back my wrist a lot. Okay. In the last two years, uh I don't ladder them on like I used to. There's only usually three laded at a time of these 11C2C trades. Uh this at the money 112 or 113 or whatever you want to do. uh here very specific guidelines on how I'm going to manage that uh as well and how I put that on and where that trap goes. Very specific based upon again market regime and what I'm doing. But it's actually less risk. Uh I reduced my risk and my Vega risk by another, another, you know, 25% or so on these. So I feel pretty good about that. All right, gold trades. We actually put on an ATM112 on gold. Why? because I felt gold might be getting a little overextended. Now, gold is heating up in the after hours uh tonight. You can see it's up 82 bucks. Okay, but this is still a bullish trade. Okay, so this is the 112 version, not a 113. But if you take a look at this trade, okay, it's still a bullish trade. I mean, we're way up here in the trap. Okay, we're nowhere down here, but this is how much gold has **[12:14]** down here, but this is how much gold has moved. I'm still making a nice $1,700 uh on this trade. Uh, and I'm not using a lot of margin on it. So, I'm only using about $7,000 in capital uh to make um to make that money. So, to make $1,700. So, that's a pretty good rate of return. Uh, what is that? 1690 divided by the 7071. Uh, this is a nice 24% trade in 20 48 days. Okay, we're already 20 days in. We're already up 80%. So, I'm ready to put on another one of these. Okay. I thought gold about 20 days ago might have been plateauing. Obviously, it hasn't. Okay. But you have no risk to the upside. It's a beautiful trade. Love it. We're up 80%. Uh I'll probably stick another one of these trades on. I just don't want to put too many of the same underlying, but I do like to spread it along the core four, which would be oil, ES, ES, gold, uh, and bonds. Those are my core four. Now, here's a bond trade. Bonds right now uh have had uh you know, a little ups and downs, but bonds are really a really good neutral trade. They don't move much and they haven't moved much for months. Okay, so bonds are continuous strangle opportunity for me. I'll keep booking these strangles uh on bonds. So, I'm pretty happy with this trade. Now, this trade is down. It's a whole down the whole $600, which again is nothing. Uh where are we? So between the 109 uh and the 123 strikes, that's 14 wide. Half of that would be seven. So about the 116 level is halfway. And we're sitting here a little over 114. over 114. Uh so that being said, okay, we're pretty dogone centered on this bond trade. I love where we are uh here. Yeah, it's down a fraction. It's all good. Uh here wi with bonds. I don't **[14:15]** good. Uh here wi with bonds. I don't have any problem with uh with this trade. So, we'll just let that cook and do its thing. Okay. It's only been on for 15 days. These take uh about 30 days uh on on average or so. So, within the next a week or two, we should see this things really start to turn around unless bonds decides to do something crazy in which case I will go with my typical management plan. All right. AVGO. So, Broadcom. This is an income form covered call trade. I use a synthetic long with a disaster put uh on there. Uh so you can see that that position's down about 3,400 uh right now. But when I look at uh what I'm selling here uh on Broadcom, let's give you an idea of what Broadcom has what I've done with Broadcom. I'm selling these at the money or really in the money um calls. I don't mind the in the money. in the money calls give me some downside protection. At the money gives me uh at least a little bit more premium. So either way, uh we've been just uh knocking premium out. You can see we sold this one for $2,300 and there's only $752 worth of exttrinsic left in it. Okay, with three days to go. So uh even though we're in the money on it, doesn't really matter. I'm more worried about the exttrinsic because that's what I want to get out of it. So far, I've generated $4,166 of of gains from these calls. So, you can see that, you know, even though we're down, you know, 3,400 bucks uh or so on the entire position, we are up uh overall. In fact, we're up 8%. If I can share this with you, I will give you a quick peek. So, here's the uh here's the Broadcom trade. We we bought in at 9,300, which is what you just saw on the screen. Uh it's worth 5930 uh right now, which is what you just saw on the screen. And **[16:15]** what you just saw on the screen. And I've generated $4,166. I've generated $4,166. Okay. So, I am up now almost 8% on this particular trade. The stock is actually down 3% since we entered this stock. So, or since we entered this trade. So in 97 days while the stock is down 3% we're up almost 8%. Okay. And that doesn't count what's about to happen here. And uh you can see all this exttrinsic value that we're generating. This exttrinsic is offsetting any costs or P&amp;L from selling these which gets transferred directly into the cost basis or your gains. Anyway, if that's too much for you uh to kind of wrap your head around, come and join us and see what we're doing. So, uh AVGO having a nice u a nice start to the trade only, uh 3 months in and we're up 8% on a stock that's down over 3%. All right, let's uh take a look at what we're doing on BMU. So, what do we got going here? This is a longer put that I sold. Uh so, I took BMU. I sold the three puts, okay, out here about uh 234 days, okay, and as this thing started to move around for a couple days, I went in and sold a nearterm call, which turned it into a strangle, but I only sold 15 of the calls versus the 30 puts. So, it's like an unbalanced calendarized strangle. Okay. Uh and I'll keep selling out of the money calls on this thing. When you take a look at the overall view, this is what this thing looks like uh right now. So, here's where we're sitting at here. It looks like a strangle. Okay, you've got all kinds of upside. It can go to 10 and we still win. It can drop all the way to two and we still win. Okay, or and this is going to come off in short time. So, you can see we're up uh in six days, we're already up 9%. There's a method to these trades. Uh not going to go too deep into **[18:17]** trades. Uh not going to go too deep into it here. Uh but there's a method to how you sell these calls. Again, it's all regimebased. Okay? A lot of my trading is based upon what's the market doing. What can we do to put our trades in the best position to win? And we're going to be able to adjust our deltas just like we're doing with the 112 trades like we we can do with some strangles. We can do this with naked puts. And we're doing this with the income form covered call. All of these trades that I'm doing, the core root of these is to be able to make management adjustments to your delta to take advantage of the market that we're in. Uh, but this is a nice delta positive trade because I'm selling more puts than I am calls. So, I'm going to have positive delta. So, this thing can go higher as you saw on that. And, uh, we'll take the, you know, quick, you know, nine nine% on that trade in a couple days. All right. Gold. We got an income poor men's covered call running on gold. This thing's been unbelievable because gold is stupidly unbelievable out there. U what is gold at uh right now? So this this particular trade, okay, you can see we're up 810% on the synthetic stock position, which is again put in a call leap. Okay, which is your synthetic stock with a disaster put, which is now way the heck down here, which is no value anymore. Uh, but that's fine. If something happens to gold, it'll be worth fine. And then I'm selling these at the money calls. Yeah, Tom, you're capping it. You're capping it. You're not going to make as much money. Well, gold's up 53% and I'm up 386 on this trade. Okay. Oh, you'd be up 810. Okay, you would, but that's not my trade. Okay. So, my trade is just to collecting um the call premium as well on this trade. And I'm I'm fine with it. I totally get it. You could make more if you just bought the leaps or just bought gold. That wasn't I, you know, no, I **[20:17]** gold. That wasn't I, you know, no, I bought this trade. Okay. I bought it to 188 days ago. Nobody was thinking 188 days ago, six months ago, that gold would continue to run up uh to to these levels. Okay? Or maybe you did. I don't know. Maybe you're a genius and you've got a crystal ball. Uh either way, um I it's a positive gaining asset. I'm more than fine making 386% in six months. All right, here we go on strategy. Strategy is another income covered call trade. You can see that we are down on strategy uh overall. So right now, strategy is down. strategy is down. Okay. Uh about seven grand or so on the on the long position. Okay. However, we continue to sell continue to sell at the money or in the money poorman or uh covered calls on these according to this strategy. You can see we just sold this one for $1878. It's already decayed over $1,000 worth. So we'll we'll book another,000 bucks. So on this so far uh we have generated in just over a month that we've been in this trade. Okay, so we've been in this trade for 57 days and even though strategy has not performed well, uh we will be 78 uh we will be only we're only down $700 on this trade. So we have booked $7,000, $7,000, okay, in premium from the calls, okay, which is perfectly fine. We're exactly where I'm okay being on a stock that's down 11%. down 11%. Okay. Since we opened it and we're only down really $700 on the overall trade. I'm fine. All right. Nvidia is another put. Uh we went out 160 days on this one. one. Uh I'm going to also be using calls to maneuver the delta around on Nvidia. Now, why not sell calls right now? Well, **[22:18]** Now, why not sell calls right now? Well, Nvidia looks pretty decent on the chart. There's a little bit of resistance overhead. If Nvidia gets going and it's got earnings, but not for a little while yet. If we get a little more steam going or a little or we continue sideways, then I'll pop a, you know, if we got a lot of steam going, I may not do anything. If we have a little bit of movement going, I might sell deeply, you know, out of the money calls at like, you know, 20 delta, some 15 20 delta, something like that. If we're kind of neutral, which is where we've been for a while on Nvidia, then I'll sell a little closer to at the money to slightly out of the money. And if it starts tanking, I might go either at the money or in the money on the calls. Either way, I will be generating more cash flow to go with this. But in 5 days, we're up 6%. I'll take it. Okay. Palanteer, same style trade. Palunteer has been dropping a little bit in the last couple days. Not terribly. Uh, but you got earnings coming up. And Tom, why'd you do this trade right before earnings? Well, Palenter is falling. Uh I am, you know, a little bit here. I am probably going to generate a call on this, but I'm going to wait till earnings and we're going to see what happens. But we're way down at the 80 strike. If Paler falls to 80 on earnings, I will be back up here telling you that I'm the biggest idiot on the planet. Uh if not, um I think Palenter will be in decent shape. Now, and Palanteer, we do have earnings coming up, but look, the expected move is only $16. Okay, $16 Okay, $16 for earnings. Okay, and I'm 85 points out of the money on this. I'm fine. Let's let earnings shake out. If Palenter rises, I will start writing covered calls on this, generating additional gains on this leap, and I will manage my deltas with the calls. Okay, I don't touch the leap, okay? unless it makes a quick profit. Uh, hits 50% quickly. Uh, here's another income hormman covered call on the Q's. Uh, this thing's just cooking along. We've been in these quite uh quite some time. Uh, and right now we're at 80% gain now. **[24:21]** Uh, and right now we're at 80% gain now. QQQ's up 38% since we started it, but I'm up 80% with this trade. I love it. It's just generating me extrinsic on a weekly basis. Nothing to do here. SoFi, another one of these trades uh that I've got going. So's been a little bit more of a pain in the tukus. Uh to be honest with you, uh it's a it's bouncing around a lot more, which is not great for the strategy. Uh it's been bouncing to down now since we opened this uh this trade on SoFi. The the stock has dropped six%. Okay, so the stock's down 6%. Okay, we're down $4,700. we're down $4,700. Okay, but we've generated almost with this week, we're generated almost 4,800. Uh so we're basically break even. Uh you can see there's still 1790 to come out by Friday. if that uh if we stay at 25 or so here or less, okay, we will be at an absolute break even on SoFi in just 42 days while the stock has dropped 6 to 7% in that time frame. So this is what happens when they just get going. Okay, this is a overtime period uh gainer and then SPY which we've had on uh for some time time uh as well now. Spy is now up 71% on this trade overall. Okay. Uh so that's working great. And then VRT Verdive, which is one of my favorites right now. Uh we're sitting on a 112. We did this two days ago. Okay. Here's where this trade is right now. So here's the 112. You can't even see. can't even see. Okay. The stock. Well, you can see the stock has moved up substantially. You've heard of had a big day today. Okay, we called it exactly right. We hit the chart. We knew what we're doing. Uh we put on the right trade. So, we did put on a 112. Uh this trade uh was set up **[26:22]** on a 112. Uh this trade uh was set up and designed initially to make 7% in 11 days. Okay, not too shabby. Okay, so a 7% trade in 11 days, but had it actually dropped and it still could back to like the 170 165 range. Okay, we'd actually make about 30% 22% something like that on this particular trade. So, loving this. It doesn't work on a lot of stocks. It worked on this one. Uh there's where we are. We're in good shape. We're having a good We had a good day. We're having a good year. Things are are perfect. Okay. We're really doing a lot of these dynamic trades out there. I just wanted to share with you uh what I'm doing. Give you a sense of where we are. Yeah, I'm still alive. I apologize for not being on here as much as uh I have been. Okay, we'd love for you to join us. Come see what we're doing in the Discord. Some incredibly cool stuff u that we're getting into. You're seeing a lot of these dynamic income trades uh that I'm doing here uh with the naked puts with the income form and covered calls uh and uh with some 112 adjustments, everything being dynamic, everything being regime based. Okay, just add something to your training and your trading uh profiles out there. What can you learn to make you a better trader? We'd love to have you come see what we're doing. If not, keep tagging along. Get the free stuff here on YouTube. Stay safe. Stay warm, everybody. We'll see you later.
