---
title: "Market chaos but zero emotion | My trading plan in action"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: IbuiESX2_EY
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbuiESX2_EY
upload_date: 2026-03-10
duration: "20:17"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Market chaos but zero emotion | My trading plan in action

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-03-10
**Duration:** 20:17
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbuiESX2_EY

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]** All right. Hello. Welcome. Good evening, traders. Hey, it's Monday, March 9, 2026, and uh pretty wild and woolly day in the markets today. You just never know what's going to happen. We had a VIX hitting 30 uh at the beginning of the day. Now, when VIX is at 30, 31, 32, the rule of 16 will tell you that if you divide the VIX by 16, I'm sorry, the rule of 16. So if you divide VIX by 16, that'll give you roughly an expected percentage uh move on the markets today and we got a much of that as well. So uh what we saw was uh pretty big swings down early, a little bit of a rally off of those lows and then a few words from the president that uh you know the war is going faster uh or the conflict is going faster uh than anticipated. But and everybody thought, "Oh, the war is over. It's all done. Great." and the rock, you know, everything went up. Oil came back down. Uh, you know, hallelujah. All is good. Somebody even said, "Hey, the, you know, it's all it's over. Back to normal." It's not over. It's not back to normal, folks. Okay. All the president said was, "This is going faster than we expected." Okay? Doesn't mean it's over tomorrow. It doesn't mean it ended today. I don't know what everybody got so excited about. Uh I don't think it's anything we haven't heard before that hey this isn't going to be a long conflict anyway. Uh so it just people wanted something to hear today. Uh but one thing it did show me today is that the bears they suck. U they really have no great pull in this market that the bulls are just waiting there that if the bears can't really uh keep keep it going uh bulls are going to rally this thing right right back up. So I say something to to watch today. Other than that, I'm not taking anything away from it. From a technical perspective, things are still bearish. I'm going to talk about that today. I'm going to give you the key takeaways from our chats in the Discord today. So, let me give you some insight as to what we're doing. Then, I'm going to uh cover some trades. I'm going to show you exactly where we **[2:04]** I'm going to show you exactly where we are uh and show you what we did today uh as well in the Discord. We had a phenomenal day. Okay? Started off great, ended even greater. Uh, so really good day today, but let me tell you at least a little bit about what's been going on and really the key takeaways in the discussions that happened today. And if you're not in the Discord, you got to come in there and check it out. It's worth its weight in gold to you. Small amount of money to give you great insights. And we're up having a phenomenal year. We were up today well before Trump even spoke. Uh, we were already having a great day today because why? We understand how to take care of our portfolio. Number one was stick to your plan and ignore the noise. The market becomes dangerous when traders abandon their process. So you got to stick to your plan during these volatile periods. You're going to see all kinds of social media trade ideas. You got to knock those out. Forget about it. I don't care what anybody on X or YouTube or whatever is doing. And if they've been telling you to buy for the last couple weeks, okay, they're a bunch of idiots out there. Okay? It's news-driven narratives. You got to ignore it. You got to tune all that out. You got to trade what you see. You got traders trying to chase some momentum here. Well, there ain't much momentum except on the downside. Don't get too cocky. Don't get too carried away. Okay. Tune out the noise. Okay. If these ideas and trades don't align with your portfolio or your risk tolerance or your strategies, then what the heck good are they? Okay. I don't care what hims or anything else is doing or Palanteer is doing. Okay? Doesn't have any effect on my Palanteer. I don't care what, you know, Joe this, Rick that, you know, uh, any of these other people are doing out there. And again, fictional names, but I don't really care what they're doing. Why? Because it doesn't affect me or my trading or my portfolio. In fact, it probably has zero correlation to anything that I do. Successful traders are going to focus on their predefined trade plan, their risk limits, and really what the charts are actually showing. So again, tune out the noise **[4:04]** showing. So again, tune out the noise because discipline is going to beat the noise. Okay. Number two in our discussions that that came up today is that small consistent wins are going to beat chasing the big trades any any day of the week, right? So I like singles and doubles. Okay? It's not about hitting home runs. It's about high probability setups. It's about premium capture. It's about repeatable trades. again, singles and doubles out there because as premium sellers, again, we we always cap our upside. So, the big home run's not coming, okay? Which is fine. We want that consistent trade, okay? We want that high win rate out there, okay? We don't need a 95% win rate, but we certainly don't want like a 50% win rate, okay? Because again, singles and doubles, a high batting average, okay? I would rather be the icho Suzuki of trading, okay? and just constantly hit single, single, single, single, get on base, steal second, steal third, uh, and then get home uh, with somebody else doing doing the leg work. Okay? Because that's how it's going to work as a premium seller, okay? Focus on consistency. What are those winning trades that constantly are going to give you those singles and doubles repeatedly, okay? And it also makes it easy for us to maintain our portfolio. We're not going to take huge hits out there because we're only going for singles and doubles. Now, another takeaway from our Discord today was that market drops can be caused by a lack of buyers and not aggressive selling. And this morning, it was pretty evident that the that the morning trading that we were down was not heavy institutional selling at all. Uh so, we looked at the tick uh earlier this morning. Uh there was some early selling pressure, but it was not hitting extreme readings. It was barely getting past 800 at times and then u slowly uh faded away. So you can see that the bears again nowhere to be found this morning. It was simply just a lack okay of selling pressure there uh this morning. It was just not enough uh **[6:07]** this morning. It was just not enough uh you know not enough hard hard selling. So you could see that the market was going to turn. That really paid off in the zod trades today. Couple put credit spreads, a couple nice winners again and we just keep hitting those singles and doubles. Okay, couple hundred bucks, couple thousand bucks here and there. Okay, adds up over time, right? So, because of the fact that uh we didn't really see u heavy institutional selling today, uh we can see that, you know, the market's just driven by uncertainty. You know, the buyers have just stepped aside, but they're not really grinding things down hard, okay? and not [clears throat] with a lack. It was just a lack of buyers, not a huge amount of sellers today. So, understanding that is that a lack of buyers will often stabilize uh faster than some aggressive liquidations can can do. So, you want to take a look at what all is happening in the markets. Does that really matter on a 60-day trade? Not so much. put on some zero DTA or some short-term stuff or just to get a sense of what the market is doing. Understand who's in control or today who's not in control. And then lastly here that volatility is just driving the market. Volatility expansion's been a dominant force behind the market movements. Uh for us, that's the one thing we kind of keep an eye on. The VIX uh spiked up to again 30 today. uh if that was causing you some consternation, okay, then you've got too much Vega, too much uh you know, too much long uh uh positions in your portfolio or too much short positions, I should say, uh in your portfolio as well. Just too much negative Vega, you want to, you know, reduce that. Long positions are going to add some Vega to it. So, kind of have that balance. And like we like to do is we want to keep it fairly delta neutral to a slightly bullish uh bent to things. So, we know volatility is up because oil prices spiking. Oil price spiking. Oil volatility is up at crazy highs as well. So, oil spiking heavily **[8:08]** So, oil spiking heavily coming into today. There's inflation concerns with oil prices rising. That's going to make things more volatile. You've got interest rate uncertainty now that hey, if oil's going up and in, you know, and inflation's going to go up, then the Fed's not going to cut rates. That's going to make things more uncertain. And then there's a bunch of macro headlines. You just got to ignore it all. Turn it off. Stop going on X. Stop going on YouTube. I'm glad that you're here watching this video, but frankly, just turn it off after this and just go back uh to your regular life, okay? Because we want to stick to our plan and not get too carried away with with how things are doing. That being said, let's jump into uh the trades and let's jump into our account and let's update it live uh here right now on the broadcast. All right, so let's get into it. Uh here it's the 9th. Uh we're waiting for things to settle down a bit because it's been kind of crazy. Um 557 is our delta. So pretty interesting that 557. 2914 557. 2914 is our theta. So, our delta 557 pretty delta neutral. We're in really good shape. I like where we are uh here. Just barely positive delta.11% of my net lick. All right. Uh but we still have good theta out there. And we did add some trades today. So, I did add bullish trades today. But again, you've got a bearish regime, which we'll talk about in a minute. Why you adding bullish trades, Tom? It's crazy. People shouldn't be buying. Okay. If you size correctly, it's okay. If the regime is bearish and I want to put a bullish trade on, well then I'm going to size it so that a whatever loss, 2x, one and a halfx or whatever your stop loss is is less than 1% or less than half a percent. We'll be in good shape. All right, let's keep going on here. Our net lick ended the day at I can't see it here. Hang on. uh net **[10:08]** I can't see it here. Hang on. uh net lick on the day 488 Okay, so 488776. So a nice uh update for us uh today and our buying power BP usage 308100. Now why did our buying power head up so much? Well, because we added two pretty significant trades on uh today. So, we added our weekly or every two week at the money 113 that we've been doing and those are about to pay off uh pretty big. And we also added a uh uh an S&amp;P weekly put credit spread. Now, the cool thing with that was we put that on today. It's a 50% win or one and a halfx loss. And we actually came out of it in in today. So in just 3 hours, uh a trade that normally would take us 4 days, 5 days, uh took us maybe 4 hours uh today. So BP is a little elevated. VIX is up. It's going to put a little pressure on that. So with VIX being around 25 and a half, you're going to get some pressure on your BP, but I did add a trade today. So that'll push my BP up a bit. It's a little higher than I'd like to be, but I'm okay with it uh right now. Uh the way things are uh settled. So, that being said, hey, we're already up uh for the month. We're up two grand uh in a week. Um we're we're cooking along. We had a nice almost 6% month last month. Expect this month to be in good shape uh as well. So, everything's going according to the plan. Let's take a look at some charts out there really quickly and we'll discuss what type of trades we looked at today. Uh here's the move on the session today. Uh here's uh the chart that I use for day trading. I draw my own levels on here. And you can see we immediately ran down. I hit this uh support level here right around, you know, 950 or so. Bounced off. It came down, retagged it again, and then took off. Okay, this was **[12:09]** again, and then took off. Okay, this was a uh a pretty good opportunity here to um around 10:30 or so. Added a put credit spread zero DTE trade, which certainly worked well. And then we ran right up into this resistance level. And you can see, bang, bang, bang. We couldn't break it, but this was a little bit of an ascending triangle here. We broke it. Ran right up to the next resistance level. Failed. Okay. But this break here gave us another opportunity to put on another put credit spread. Uh then uh here we failed. We saw some selling, you know, back through this previous level. uh markets leveled out on the day, bounced once again off that same level and then the Trump announcement news, whatever came out right around this 318 mark and boom, you had major spikes right up to these uh resistance levels on the day. So, that being said, here's what we're looking at in the market really quickly. Eights below the 21 on the S&amp;P stocks below the 21. Yes, it's a nice reversal candle, but we've seen reversal candles uh before and they don't always pan out. So, we'll have to watch and see what happens. RSI is below 50, bearish PR. We are in a bearish regime. What will change that? Well, nothing's going to change until this eight, in my opinion, crosses back over the 21 and we get back over the 21. So, until we until we see that eight reversing, it's going to take some while to repair some of this damage, we're still below the eight. Okay? So, I don't, you know, I wouldn't be buying and mortgaging my children uh to try to get long in this market. Uh things have broken down. This was a rising wedge pattern, which we broke. That's a bullish pattern. I don't care if we tag the 200 or the 150 exponential moving average today. Doesn't mean a thing to me. All I care about is what's the price action. And right now, it's down. Could turn around tomorrow, but we'll see. We'll trade what we see uh for now. Here's your oil trade. uh today. Absolute bananas. Uh moving up to **[14:12]** today. Absolute bananas. Uh moving up to 120 uh and then selling back off. But it's still very elevated. I mean, we're still, you know, over 80. We're at 84 and change today uh off of our highs for sure. Okay. But still elevated here. And when you look at the oil volatility, it hit some new recent highs today and it's still pretty elevated. So oil volatility is not giving up uh right now. What does that mean? Well, that means I wouldn't be going and buying a bunch of oil or u I should say buying a bunch of call selling a bunch of call credit spreads here uh or buying some puts on on oil. I don't know that this whole thing is over. I would be very cautious. I'd stay the heck away from it. Right. Gold struggling a bit here. Why? Well, the US dollar uh you know has been pretty strong as of late and it was up pretty decent for the most part today uh and then gave it up towards the close. Still bullish. So bullish US dollar is not great for gold but gold still bullish and it's fine and we've got our gold trades on. We're doing just fine in gold. Uh and then bonds uh did have a little bit of a rebound today but again the US dollar affecting these. So, we we've seen some selling uh in the in the bonds, but perfectly right where we want bonds to be. Uh we've got a strangle on in here. Uh this is absolutely po perfect for what we're doing. So, that being said, we'll stick skip the stocks today. Uh and take a quick look at Bitcoin. Uh Bitcoin having a nice day, up four.6% today, breaking back above the the eight and the 21. just sideways action, but nice action to see on Bitcoin. And in Ethereum, same thing, trying to break through. We've got this tight range. At some point, we got to see this break to the upside. Uh, and at that point, I think we can really start to see crypto run. I'm heavy in it. I think uh been adding all along in this channel here. I'm ready to go uh for it. So, ready to **[16:14]** I'm ready to go uh for it. So, ready to ready to roll with crypto as we go forward. And then lastly here, uh, taking a quick look at the account today. Uh, we've got we we closed out an oil trade. Uh, so we did close out a a good positive oil trade today for a 100% winner. Uh, we've still got an at the money 113 doing fines. Up 60 some odd percent here. We've also got a Jade Lizard. Uh, it's showing down, but it can be up, down, whatever. This thing is just bouncing all around. Uh, it's perfectly where it needs to be uh, right now uh, for a win. So, not too worried about either one of those trades. Uh, we've got an at the money 113. This thing is up 80% now in 42 days. We are in the trap in the trap and this is exactly what we want to see from these types of trades, right? You want to be just inside the trap. We're not at the low end of the trap. We are just in here with a VIX of 26 almost right now. So, if VIX starts to mean revert at all, okay, this thing's going to immediately go profitable. And if we we've only got 11 days left. Normally, I'm looking to make this 2500 up here, but heck, we can make this 5,000 anywhere in this range. I'm pretty happy with that. Uh, doing exactly what it should be doing. Another ATM 113 here, up 50ome percent. Uh, we've got a BA trade here, up 86%. Not too worried about the percentage there. Uh but we're waiting for this thing to pay off uh as well. well. Uh taking a look at this trade, it is right at the mouth of the trap. Okay, there's no risk to the upside. So if the if we do rally, it's fine. We can't lose any money, but if the market drops at all or a few more days go by, uh this thing could pay off uh pretty nicely here. So put it on for credit. We'd love to take it off for a credit. And we did add another at the money 113 a couple weeks ago and another one today. Uh so we're in good shape and overall that's only 12 naked puts which for our size **[18:17]** only 12 naked puts which for our size account uh is fine. We're uh pretty good with where we are on it overall. Uh I'm good with uh with the risk. Uh we've got a a a strangle here on RTY. It's only down a couple hundred bucks. Uh we've got this ZB strangle. It's down a couple hundred bucks. uh as well. Our gold trades are doing well. We're up nicely on our jade lizard. We're up nicely on 112. Uh and then we've got nice uh covered calls on our income covered call uh trade. Our strategy was up today u with our covered calls. Our oscar trades up uh 35%. Our palunteer trade is down 150 bucks, but it's an 80 put. Okay, it's a longer term trade. I'm fine with this trade. Uh, I would love to own Palanter there. Uh, we're great on our naked puts and our income forming covered calls on the Q's and on SPY. And then we've got our UNH trade. Uh, we're up about 18% in UNH. So, having a good day today. Can't complain. But one thing I'm going to again just keep stressing for you is you have to trade your plan and you've got to tune out all of this noise. If you want to see how we're managing these accounts, uh how we're having phenomenal days uh while the markets are struggling and volatile right now, come and join us in the Discord. Go to incomenavavigator.com. incomenavavigator.com. You can see it in the description. If you click on more uh down below, it'll take you right there. And if you want to use the code king k i nng, uh it'll save you 50 bucks uh off of that first month membership. Come in, see what we're doing, get the trackers, get the education, join the community, see what's going on, learn how to become a better trader. All right, hope this was helpful to you and you got something out of it. If you did, please give me that the thumbs up on the likes down below. If not, we'll see you tomorrow. Stay safe out there and tune out the noise and stop watching the markets after hours. See you. Enjoy your life.
