---
title: "Iran Strikes, Markets Crash - My Options Strategy LIVE"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: 2nBEaxII5xc
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nBEaxII5xc
upload_date: 2026-03-02
duration: "26:27"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Iran Strikes, Markets Crash - My Options Strategy LIVE

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-03-02
**Duration:** 26:27
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nBEaxII5xc

---

## Transcript

**[0:04]** Welcome friends and good evening. Hey, it's Monday, first day, first trading day of March uh 2026 and now we got the uh the Iran war that started this weekend and everybody's in all kinds of turmoil and crisis thinking that the stock market is going to crash and oil's going to 100 and all kinds of crazy things were going to happen. Uh you had people counting down the minutes until futures opened last night thinking, "Oh my gosh, what am I going to do with my portfolio? I can't do anything." You know, unless you're trading futures like me, you can't trade anyway. So, why worry about it? Why stress yourselves out? Uh and it turned out to be kind of a blah day today. Actually, really good for for us in our trading. We had a really good uh trading day today. But I want to give you just some things that that we did. We looked in I've been talking about this for days and weeks. So, we've given you trades and trade ideas. I've shown you my portfolio. You knew what we were doing uh to prepare if there is any kind of uh turmoil or issues uh that were created out there. So, I kind of gave you the the road map that that I'm using and that we're using in the Discord uh here. But, let's go ahead and take a quick look at how the uh portfolio worked today. Let's look at some stocks. uh maybe we'll come up with a few trade opportunities and ideas as well and I'll share a few things that I shared with the with the members today in Discord. I'm not going to give you all the trade ideas and specifics but uh we did come up with some uh some trade opportunities out there as well. So I want you to again think about what's your plan? How are you approaching things right now? If you're down, if you're scared, if you're nervous, if all of those things, you just don't have a good plan and your sizing and your portfolio and your deltas and your theta and your Vega and your buying power, it's all out of whack, at least for some of you, right? And some of you had a, you know, a great night's sleep last night. I slept great. Didn't even bother uh logging in or looking uh first thing **[2:05]** uh logging in or looking uh first thing this morning. Uh I said hello to the members, started taking a look around and see what we do. But, uh, you know, not going to worry about it, uh, overnight. Okay? If that stuff is stressing you out, man, you've got the wrong thing going on in your portfolio and you're trading stuff that you shouldn't be trading because it doesn't match your lifestyle and your personality. Or at least for me, because my lifestyle is I want to enjoy myself. I'm going to trade. Okay? I do do some zero DTE when the mood strikes me, but I don't have to do it. I'm not day trading. I'm not swing trading. My trades are typically planned out, thought out. Okay, my buying power is pretty low right now. Let's, you know what? Let's just get into it and and take a look. So, hopefully this will be helpful to you and you can put some thoughts together uh on how you want to run your trading business because again, trading is a business. It's not a hobby for me. This is no joke, okay? I'm not going to take someone else's alerts and services and things like that. I'll take those and maybe try to learn something, but man, I'm just not going to follow anybody else. I'm only going to do what makes sense for me. Okay? And that's what got to drive you and your trading and your plan that you're putting together. All right? That being said, let's just jump in. All right? Hey, here's where we we finished for the day. And let me jump into the dashboard piece first and I'll I'll show you some of the trades um that I closed out again. We ended up the the month last month up 4.6%. It was great. Good month. All good. I already shared that with you. At least I think I did. Uh if not, it's all good. I'll even get on video so you can see the whole thing here. Right, today we finished the day with a delta of 363. So again, delta is even further down. So the market didn't do much of anything. In fact, it finished pretty much just flat on the day. It was downheavy. It rebounded, went a little bit positive on the day and then at the end of the day just kind of faded off and again I think that's what we expected to have happen. But Delta still very delta neutral. 07% **[4:06]** But Delta still very delta neutral. 07% of my net lick positive as far as delta goes. Okay, that is way under my goal of 2%. Uh my theta here 1994 uh which is good. I have nice theta going which you would expect because VIX is up today. I was up to about 21.4 or so up about 8%. So you think yeah your your theta is going to increase when volatility does increase. Perfect. uh Netflix uh jumped again today to 491068. That is the high for the year. So uh as of today we hit an all-time high uh on the year uh almost in fact uh we started the year uh at 414. So we've uh we've made some pretty good gains uh on the year so [snorts] far. All right. Uh that being said, our BP usage actually dropped to 174975. dropped to 174975. Why? Well, we had a couple winners come off today. Uh, freed up a bunch more buying power. I'm at 35.6. This is almost like a record low for me. You know, looking back on the year, there's I don't think we've ever been even in the 30s uh before. I usually, you know, 41.7 is about as low as I can remember getting. remember getting. And that's about it. Not too much lower than that overall. Uh so there's where we were uh today. and we were able to book about $3,320 in realized gains today. So, we're off and running uh for the month here. Uh we're already up $4,400 with day one. So, you can't uh we can't track anything, but let's take a look at what um what we closed um last today. All right. So, first thing we did is this is a little bit of a mistake trade for me. Uh, I closed a TLT strangle for only a $250 winner, which is about 12 and a.5%. Why? I was going to get out of TLT on Friday. I put in a bid to close on my strangle because I **[6:07]** bid to close on my strangle because I was just going to take it off for about 15% take the winner uh because it looked like bonds might be get ready to make a little bit of a run and I forgot to take it off. So, as soon as the market opened, we dinged. I made 250 bucks. So, you know, I'll take it. Uh, did put on a call spread. call spread. uh zero DTE t trade today. So that was fine. I had a winner on that one. I also had another zero DTE trade uh today using uh S&amp;P on an iron condor. Now my normal is take 50% which I did and then when I do the iron condors I typically are looking for about 25% because they take a lot more a lot more cost a lot more buying power. Uh so I take profits a little bit earlier. two different uh trades, little little different philosophies. All right. Uh then I have that bull combo in oil. I've been I've been holding on to this trade, getting ready for uh the war or an attack to happen. And it did. Uh you know, nice $1,400 gain. 147% uh up. We'll take it. Could I could I hold on to that for more? Yes. Uh I could. It could also drop back to only about a $900 and some dollar trade. So, you know what? I'm going to take the extra 500 today, close it and be done. Freed up some buying power. Uh and then I also put on a a trade today for Friday, which is something I do on a weekly basis. So I put on this put spread trade on S&amp;P today for a dollar. I and I looked to take profit at 50%. And I put in the, you know, the good to close, you know, order and I just set it and forget it. Well, instead of this thing taking all five days or 4 days or something, it closed today. So, it turned into a zodte trade. Even though this was a 4DTE trade. So, uh I perfectly timed the bottom on the market. Put that put spread on. I was actually a little disappointed that the markets didn't sell off more uh at the open because I **[8:09]** sell off more uh at the open because I really wanted to put this trade on lower. Um, I guess uh all that was for nothing because I was able to uh put the trade on anyway uh for four days. And you know what? It closed today. Now, I'm sure I'm going to get people saying, "Hey, well, why don't you put on another one for Friday since you already closed that one?" Well, I'm okay making money and sticking to the plan. I like to put them on on Mondays. I'd like five days, okay? Which technically is a Ford DTE, but I like putting out for Friday. If the market sells off and tanks tomorrow, then I'll consider it. uh if VIX goes up again. But really, I don't want to push my luck. I'm pretty happy with the trade uh that I got. And I already booked the winner that I thought would take me several days to get to and it closed. All right, that being said, let's look at the markets and and see uh what's going on in the market. All right, that being said, let's jump in and take a look at the the charts. uh ES today down just fractionally 0.75 but you can see this big drop down right to uh right to support here uh that I've had on this chart hit support bounced also held this uptrend line uh today did run higher uh today and then couldn't break the eight or the 21 finished right below it now from a regime standpoint this is a bearish regime technically on the daily chart here the eight is below the 21 okay you have a bearish PR the stock is still below the 21. You got an RSI under 50. All four of those point to a lower uh a lower move. Okay? And you can also see from here, doesn't take a genius to figure these things out, right? Uh but you can see lower highs, a little bit of a triangle action starting to form in here, but lower highs, bearish, technically a bearish regime. What does that mean? Well, that means you have to adjust the trade strategies and the trade sizing that you **[10:11]** strategies and the trade sizing that you put on. If you want to put on bearish trades, you can go full on. Okay? If you want to put on neutral trades, you got to size down. If you want to put on bullish trades, you got to size down even more. Right? So, that being said, understand the regime you're in. Uh this is the one we're in. Even though the weekly is bullish, the daily is bearish uh for now. Uh and until that changes, I will stick with um this as a bearish regime. A little bit neutral because the u the weekly is is bullish, but uh we'll stick with the bearish regime. All right, oil big spike up today as you would expect, but it did sell off uh quite a bit during the day. I really wish it would have hung up uh up here and gone even higher. It still may go higher tomorrow. We'll see. If we look at the oil volatility again, it's spiked up to a level that is about as high as it's been uh in the last couple years here. So, we haven't seen oil volatility spike this high in quite a while. It's a perfect opportunity to probably sell some premium, but where do you want to sell it? the only you can't sell it down here because if uh if this war or military action or whatever the heck it is if this ends uh then this is going to drop hard into the 60s um low 60s to maybe even into the 50s. So I think you got to be cautious of the downside here. I'm less worried about the upside. Okay, so that being said, put on the correct trades. I actually did put a a trade on at the end of the day. Uh and we'll see how that goes. Uh but it's a defined risk trade. All right, gold. Gold gold had a nice day up today. Finished off of its highs. Tried to, you know, hit the top of the Ballinger band. Really didn't get much going. It's getting close to this former resistance level. Uh I'm I'm bullish gold, but uh I would not be surprised to see gold start to sell off here, **[12:11]** see gold start to sell off here, especially if this conflict ends and all of this uncertainty is removed from the market. So, if a ceasefire and some sort of resolution with Iran uh comes up, could take days, weeks, hours, who knows uh what, but I really think that that could that could give you some heartburn on gold if you're if you're very long on it. So, I would just be careful. To me right now, I told everybody uh I'm really not in a trade uh here on gold. I don't I just don't think it's tradable at these levels. And then bonds. I'm most surprised about bonds. Did I think bonds were going to, you know, I thought they were going to rise, okay? But again, what you think doesn't matter. Trade what you see. Bonds were rising and then they just fell off fell out of bed early. Uh so bonds had a pretty uh pretty ugly day uh today. The nice thing about this is this puts us back into another trade opportunity. I will be adding a bond trade tomorrow. I want to see what the follow through on bonds is after today. So today a little, you know, little excitement going on. Continuing on, Ethereum, I love this bottoming action here, holding the eight. Uh Ethereum looks good. I have a lot of it. So uh my portfolios uh we're certainly the beneficiary of uh some nice Ethereum and Bitcoin moves today. I like what I'm seeing. we need to see more and we need to see this eight get above this 21 and the stock get above the 21 as well. Uh at that point then we'll be looking at you know taking out things like the 50, the 150, the 200s. Okay, but I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I love this base. Okay, looks pretty nice. And if you were in silver today, uh you did not have a good day. Uh silver tried to move higher and then actually finished down on the session almost 5%. It was worse earlier. This is not a good look for silver and I wouldn't be jumping into this thing too **[14:13]** wouldn't be jumping into this thing too dogone fast. All right. Uh that being said, let's take a quick look at some of the mag seven and other top stocks. Uh Amazon eh held its own today. Uh I'm not bullish on it here. Everything is bearish. Eight's below the 21. Stocks below the 21. Bearish PR. RSI below 50. Uh Amazon's bearish until uh it can show you otherwise. Well, would would you buy it here? No. Okay. If you're asking me, again, this is my take on things. You got to do your own research, okay? I'm just trying to educate you, entertain you uh here. Nothing I'm saying should be construed as uh advice to do one thing or another. I just want you thinking. What are you thinking right now? Okay. Are you going to buy it just because it's down? That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Okay? We don't buy because it's down. You buy because something uh has a good technical setup. Okay? This does not have a good technical setup. stay away. Nvidia, does it have a good technical setup? Well, eight's below the 21, stocks below the 21, RSI's below 50, and a bearish PR. Does Nvidia look like a great uh opportunity here? Oh, well, Tom is bouncing off the 200. Great. If I can go buy it, then you do. You do you. I will trade what I see right now. And until these things can prove that they're done going down. Now, maybe today's the turning point because the markets did rebound sharply and finished not quite higher on the day, but finished way off their lows. All right, Tesla. Tesla's in this descending triangle. That is a bullish pattern if you can break to the upside. Okay, but Tesla's way below the 21 and widening bearish PR under 50 RSI under 50 RSI under the 21s. Everything's bearish here. The 50 is dropping. The eight's dropping. The 21's dropping. Why are you gonna buy this here? Okay. Oh, I'm gonna buy it because it's it's near support. Great. Good luck. Have fun. All right. Uh Meta putting in a nice base. It's holding up pretty well here. Uh it's still technically a neutral trade. Okay. **[16:14]** still technically a neutral trade. Okay. Eights below the 21. Stocks below the 21, but only fractionally. Uh so I'll I'll call it call it just fraction below the 21. So eight below 21 stock below the 21 that's two two strikes against it but bullish PR and an RSI oh right at 49 this is almost a neutral trade okay so I'd be looking at neutral trades potentially on meta why would why why get bullish in a bearish environment on a on a stock that's neutral you can okay but just size properly right you do you want to get bullish uh full on these things that are bearish trades. No. Okay. Unless you want to size properly. All right, let's keep going. Skipping over Apple because I care less what Apple does. Uh Google here. There's some nice support levels. Maybe this is it. But hey, the closer you get to a support level, that means the stock is falling. Uh until it shows me it doesn't want to go down anymore. Uh it's still bearish. Uh Microsoft trying to trying to climb above the eight. Maybe this is an opportunity. I don't know. Show me state because uh this doesn't this is not making me feel warm and fuzzy here. All right, Palanteer did have a really good move today, but it's a warm move today. Uh does that mean this downtrend in Palunteer's over? I don't know. I'm not sold yet, but it's a good sign. Uh I have naked puts on this from a while ago when it was bottoming down here. So, I felt it was a good bottoming pattern. Might even be a double bottom. I like Palanteer. Uh I'm not convinced on this move today, but I'll certainly take it. I like Pounder uh on the move, but I think the move was back here. I don't know. You want to chase it here. Uh Broadcom downtrend. Everything's Broadcom downtrend. Everything's bearish. Doesn't make me feel uh warm and fuzzy here. Um I'll tell you what does make me feel warm and fuzzy. GE Verova. I love this thing. This thing looks good. We put a 112 trade on today uh in GEV. uh and uh I'm happy with that **[18:16]** uh in GEV. uh and uh I'm happy with that setup on that. So, there's one trade. Now, again, it's a bullish trade in a bearish environment or neutral environment. So, I did size down a pretty small trade. Yeah, I'm just looking to pull out maybe 700 to a,000 bucks or so, something along those lines. All right. Uh that being said, there's where we are on that. Hims trying to put in a base today. Good little bounce. I don't know. Maybe this is the maybe this is it for Hims. Maybe this is the spot. If you like it, it certainly looks like to be basing out and holding up. If it can hold to me, this um support line here uh and start to break above uh this might be good for him. Hood is actually getting some nice benefit of Bitcoin because it looks exactly the same as Bitcoin chart in here or the Ethereum chart uh in here, which is exactly what it probably should look like. Uh I like it here. I I actually like Hood. I think this is a good trade. I again sized properly. I like what I'm seeing in Hood. I like what I'm seeing in Iren for the most part. It's holding support. It is in this downtrend line. Okay, it's bearish. I wouldn't be jumping in uh right here. But if it does make any kind of a move up, uh then I think Iron might be something to consider. Uh Oscar, it's starting to make a little bit of a move up. Maybe this is a double bottom. We called this out already. You got a neckline. It's right at the neckline here. If it can continue to move higher, which it looks in the after hours to be doing, uh this might be a great opportunity uh to get into Oscar. Uh United Health, one of my favorites. Same type of thing. Kind of looking like a double bottom here. We're definitely at the neckline. We've got the gap to fill here. Uh I think this thing just keeps kind of sideways to higher. U I think it's a great opportunity to be selling calls against this thing. I'm considering this for a new type of a trade. Okay. Um, Verdive looks good. Kind of like GE Vernova. You could do the same type of thing with Verdive. And then Zeta here, which is kind of **[20:17]** then Zeta here, which is kind of everybody's, you know, picked a double or something like that. Whatever the heck you think it's going to do. Uh, here. It's not looking bad. It's fine. Uh, it's technically Uh, it's technically got the RSI not above 50 yet, but close. It's got a bullish PR. It's above the 21, but even though the eight's below 20. So, it's really a neutral trade here. Let's get above this 21 and let's get RSI cranking a bit more and then I think this thing u might be a great opportunity. Okay. Well, but Tom, you're going to miss the move. What move? This thing's at $17. Okay. Uh I'll give up I'll give up 50 cents. Okay. To a dollar. If it thing gets to this 50day and navigates it successfully, I think this thing can run. That's when I want to get in. I'll give up a little of this heartburn here for the upside. Right, Bitcoin having a great day. Nice basing pattern. I love what we're seeing here. Strategy is going to look exactly the same. Uh so I'm liking that we have our strategy trade. Uh Ethereum is more my favorite than Bitcoin. I like it like what it's doing here. And I think that also that means that Bitmine uh as well is going to look good. So, HIMS, Bitmine, uh, Ethereum, Mester, uh, all of them look very similar. I'm not I said HIMS, I meant Hood. So, all of those look pretty good overall. That last thing here is we'll take a quick look at the portfolio today. Um, Um, we're up we were up on the day as you as we talked about. we talked about. Uh and Uh and uh oil dropping a bit here in the after hours. So oil's down a bit. Uh we've got a uh 113. This is a perfect setup for this thing. Uh it's up 62%. Beautiful setup. Uh if we can get a drop down into the 60s, I'll really like that. Then we've also got a Jade Lizard, which is a great setup as well. If this thing stays **[22:18]** great setup as well. If this thing stays here or drops a little bit, this thing's really going to start to pay off. Uh we've got our at the money 1113 is looking pretty good. Another at the money 1113 looking pretty good. And then one more. But I only have three of these trades running. Uh so only nine naked puts. Uh which for me on an account my size totally manageable. I'm pretty happy with that. Uh we've also got a BA uh 111 uh floating around in here somewhere. Uh there it is. So, this BA11 uh it's doing nicely, doing exactly what it should be doing if we get any kind of a pullback and follow through RTY. We're we're into a strangle on this thing. Uh it looks perfect here, up 13% in six days. There's our GE uh Vernova trade uh that we have. Here's our gold trades. We've got a 112 looking great. Uh we've got a Jade Lizard looking great. We've got our income covered call looking fine. Yes, our strikes are getting blown through here on the calls. Perfect. Okay, I'm fine with that. We go up when that happens. Uh and I like uh I like making money. All right, so we made a good 400 bucks today even with a cath. I'm just in it for the income. All right. Uh strategy and compartment covered call. Oscar, our naked put up 33%. Uh there's our Palunteer trade. Uh we've got the 80 puts, which is great. uh our QQQ income cover call and a naked put on there both doing well. SPY, same thing. And then our UNH trade up about 25% 25% uh overall, right? So, good looking stuff here. I think uh we're in good shape. Uh this is again one of the lowest BPS that I have. If this market and I thought it was going to sell off today and give us a little bit more, really didn't do that, but maybe tomorrow will be the selloff. But I think if we can get a pretty good, you know, move lower, I don't think we need a full 20% bare market, but a 10% correction would be an absolute, I **[24:19]** correction would be an absolute, I think, opportunity uh to get into a few trades. Anyway, uh there's what I'm thinking. If today was giving you some heartburn either early on or last night, and you were worried, you just sized too big, you don't have a proper um uh proper setup in your portfolio, think about what you're doing. Think about who you're following, what you're reading. Get off of Twitter or X. Get off of YouTube. I know you're watching me. Don't even watch me. Turn it off, okay? And go immediately go to your portfolio, start fixing things uh now because you've been given again every time we start to sell off a bit and we rebound, you're given a gift to fix your account. So, if you were worried this morning, you were you've been given a reprieve for at least 24 hours potentially, okay, for you to fix your account, go and do that, okay? Don't just don't just sit there. And you know what? If you got to close some losers, close some losers, I'll do it. Okay? I'll close some losers if I don't like this the setups anymore on it. Do what makes sense to you. But if you're having trouble sleeping and you're having trouble making money, I mean, we're up nicely this year. Hey, members in the Discord are enjoying the heck out of this because we're sleeping well. We're making money. When the markets go down, we're making money. When the markets go up, we're making money. money. If you want to join us, come join, okay? Go to incomenavavigator.com. Go to incomenavavigator.com. Uh, go ahead and join up and we'd love to see you in there. Contribute to the community. Add something. We're killing it on zero DTE trades. We're killing it on a lot of the other trades. Members are killing it with the some of their own unique trades. Great community, great way to learn. Come in, stay, get the education, make yourself a better trader. All right, hope that makes sense. You guys have a great evening and I hope uh you stay safe out there, okay? Uh hearts go out to all the people that have been caught up in this war. Uh but uh you know, I believe in the American troops, okay? I support the American **[26:19]** troops, okay? I support the American troops, okay? And I want them to be safe as well. All right. Uh on that note, we'll let you guys go. Take care.
