---
title: "New Strategies I'm Using to Trade Options Today"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: fV_GdnWSxO4
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV_GdnWSxO4
upload_date: 2026-03-12
duration: "14:22"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# New Strategies I'm Using to Trade Options Today

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-03-12
**Duration:** 14:22
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV_GdnWSxO4

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** All right. Hello and welcome traders. Hey, it is 31126. it is 31126. The year is just moving by so quickly. So March 11th here on a Wednesday, we're cooking through the month already. Man, we're nearing the halfway point. Things are going well. Account is doing really, really well, but the market is crazy out there. So, how are you going to manage all of this craziness? Let's go through what I'm doing. Let's talk about uh the market, the regime, some trade potential ideas out there. I'm going to give you at least three trade ideas at the end of this video that I want you to take a look at. Again, not financial advice. Do your own research. I'm just doing this for uh education, entertainment. I want to show you what I'm doing. So, let's share my account uh with you. I'm also going to go through some of the key takeaways today. So, I'm going to give you four takeaways uh from our Discord uh sessions today. Uh, four things I want you to take away from this. Take some notes, put these to to memory, and you're going to find yourself a much much much better trader uh tomorrow than you were today. So, let's get started on this thing. Let me share my screen uh and let's jump into the trade tracker and see where uh where we are for the session today. session today. All right. Uh that being said, I'll jump off the screen for you and uh let's get going. So, where did we end up today? Uh we ended up with a 456 delta which is 0.09% 09% again one of the lowest deltas uh that we've had which is extremely delta neutral 009% of our net lick uh today which is fantastic because I think this market is just barely hanging on okay right now it's in a bearish regime it doesn't mean it's going to hell in a handbass but it's just bearish right now so let's stay uh in that uh in that mode and keep our deltas down right we've got uh 2456 uh 2456 on theta so Our theta is still pretty good. It's actually at 0.5% **[2:03]** good. It's actually at 0.5% of our net leg, which is actually a little high, but considering where it is, uh there our ve is not very high. So, we're in really really great shape. We've got really low delta, really great theta, which is a great uh position to be in. Uh we had another good update today. We're at 493,166. So, nearing in on that five uh 500,000 level. This is the high for the year. So, it's our high watermark for the year so far. So, we're at our highest level uh this year. And our BP is at 257 151 today. All right. Uh we did unload a few uh one bad strangle trade came off today, which is fine. Hit our it hit our stop. We got out. Uh so, that's all good. It was sized at uh less than 1% of the account. So, not a big hit there. And we had a few zero DTE winners um as well today. So, that uh that did well for us. Overall, we are up $6,400 for the month, 1.34%. The market's down 1% on the year. Were actually up almost 19% in the account. Uh we've generated almost $6,000 in realized gains this month so far. And again, 6504 is our net lick increase for the month. So, we're doing well. We're up 1.3 uh 4% when the market's just struggling uh at best to to keep up. So things are great on our end. I'm pretty happy uh with exactly where we are. And let's take a quick look u here. Well, you know what? Uh let's let's take a quick look at the charts and we'll discuss a little bit about what we're seeing and some keys from discussions today. So as you can see here uh here the ES is in this downward trend. We've got lower highs, lower lows uh in here. The eight below the 21, the 21 below the 50. Uh so everything is dropping uh right now. Uh we can't break above this eight. RSI falling, PSR is falling. Uh **[4:05]** eight. RSI falling, PSR is falling. Uh the you know, all of the signs right now are bearish. Does it mean that, you know, we're going to zero? No. But the 8 and the 21 are widening as well as the 21 and the 50. Doesn't mean we can't pop up with a big rally day uh tomorrow and rally a 100 points and put ourselves right back up to the 50-day moving average. But until we can get back above this 50, okay, you got to and it's pointing down along with every other moving average, you got to consider ourselves in that bearish market. All right, that being said, let me touch base on on point number one here. Bearish regimes are defined by technical structure. Okay, so we want we're looking at falling moving averages here. We're looking at the RSI below 50. We're looking at lower highs. We're looking at rising volatility. When all of these indicators aligned, the trend is pretty dogone clear. Okay, the trend is down. You've also broken this rising wedge pretty neat decently here. That's a pretty bearish sign. So, it's a bearish regime. It's defined by the technical structure um that we see, right? So that being said, uh is something to take a look at. Let's take a look at the next point I want to make today. Uh and that point here is that elevated volatility signals market stress. Oh, no shock, right? Everybody knows this. Uh no no big revelations here, but the re the VIX remains around that 2425 level. Okay, it continues to trend higher. If you're looking at the 50, the 21, the 8day moving averages, they're all moving up. This is a pretty obvious higher high, higher low situation. So, you've got VIX climbing a bit here. Not crazy, but it's climbing. Uh, and so this high volatility means we're going to get faster moves, bigger swings, larger drawd downs, and just a lot more uncertainty. We really have no clue what this market's going to be doing. So position sizing here in this **[6:07]** doing. So position sizing here in this uh regime and in this volatility structure is absolutely uh critical for you. All right, another thing I want to point out is let's take a look at some of the sectors um that we see out there. Okay, when the sectors are fragmented like they are, rallies are going to be weak. You can't rally when with only the XLK up on the session, but it's down overall. The XLK is in a bearish regime. Okay, you also need uh discretionary and communications. Okay, communications are pretty sideways, but again, they're down today. Okay, but so they're down right now. Okay, you can't move without the financials, and the financials are absolutely horrible. So without the uh the technology or the financials, okay, you're not going to get this market running higher with, you know, for any sustained momentum without them. And if we throw in healthcare, that's also been selling off a bit now. And now you've got the eight getting close to breaking the 50, but the I'm sorry, the 21 breaking the 50, but the eight's already broken the 21. So again, bearish regime on XLV. on XLV. Energy was up today. Big deal. It's not a huge component here. So, it's not something that's going to drive us higher. So, understand that while technology and energy show some strength with financials, healthcare, with financials, healthcare, communication all lagging, you cannot get a sustained rally in the market. Sector fragmentation is going to hurt uh the rallies um that you have here. We just can't seem uh to get going out there. All right. The last thing I want to touch base on here uh today is let's talk about oil just a you know and why oil is having such an impact on things right now. Oil is rising in price right u so we we hit you know all the way up to about 120 days ago which is a ridiculous move I agree but then we came **[8:09]** ridiculous move I agree but then we came back down this far because you know Trump says the war is over. Okay. Well, the war's not over. It's not even close. And oil is just getting going in my opinion. I don't think we're seeing oil down below 80 anytime soon unless something unique happens uh out there. So, oil is up, but even worse than oil being up is look at oil volatility. It's the highest volatility reading, okay? Since [clears throat] COVID, okay? And it's never been uh before of COVID or since COVID. You've never had a higher RI, you know, volatility reading on oil. Oil volatility is what's killing everything right now. So, oil prices rising to almost $90 a barrel when they were sitting down around the mid60s. Okay. A huge 50% increase in oil prices is putting inflation concerns on. When inflation concerns uh start to run higher, we know the Fed's not going to cut, which is going to push up yields, which is going to push down bonds. You can see the dollar rising. The dollar rising is bad for everything. Bonds falling like a rock uh here. So, bonds taking a huge drop uh over everything. So, bonds are falling. They're usually a safe haven in times like this. They're not. So oil is really the culprit until this oil thing gets straightened around. And you got all kinds of crazy reports out there. I stay away from most of the news. If I can, you know, are there mines being dropped in the straight of Hormuz? Are there tankers being set on fire? Uh is Iran attacking oil fields now of all of the, you know, nearby nations? nations? It appears to be most of that stuff is pretty much accurate. If that's the case, well, why in the heck would oil drop? Okay, the genie's out of the bottle here. You can't put it back in the bottle. It's not going to be solved tomorrow. I don't care what anybody says. This oil problem is going to have a real real impact **[10:11]** a real real impact on the market. And you can see it's already gapping up. The after hours just started 6:00 here. You can see oil just gapped up again uh in the after hours session. It's already moving higher by a couple percentage points. Okay. Nothing good is going to come of anything until oil gives up the ghost here. All right, that being said, those are some of the key takeaways today. I just covered some of the charts. I'm looking at a few things, but I'm not pulling the trigger yet. I like what Hood's doing here, okay? But until it gives me a little bit more, I can't I can't get in. I love what this company's doing. I hate the platform, but I love what they're doing and the retail traders that like it. It's not a good professional trading platform, but it's great for a lot of retail traders and all the financial stuff that these guys are offering is just unbelievably great. I like Iron here. One of my favorite stocks right now. It's trying to break above the 21. It's broken the eight. Nice pullback. Seems to be consolidating here. I like Iron uh right here as well. Uh I will throw UNH out there with another stock, but UNH is putting on a pretty nice ascending triangle here. It's holding up well. I like UNH down at these levels. I think it holds up pretty well. I also think Novo Nordith is also a good opportunity down in here. And you know what? I'll give you Oscar as well. Uh so one of my uh my buddies out there on X, huge proponent of Oscar. He loves this thing. thing. I'm not as enthusiastic as he is, but he is loading the boat here. uh you know the eight just crossed below the 21 again. It's in a downtrend. Uh the 50-day is is falling and and the RSI is falling below 50. There's nothing great yet. But it is a little bit of a series of higher highs and higher lows if this holds here. So if we can get back above this 21 or even above the 50, uh I like **[12:11]** this 21 or even above the 50, uh I like where this thing is going. I don't think you had to get in at 12. Although maybe it'll be great when it gets to 20. Okay. But even if you get in at 15 or something and this thing shoots to 20, 30, 40, uh, whatever, I think that'll be a great opportunity for you. All right. And I also really like the strength of Bitcoin here and the strength of Ethereum. I think they're both doing well out there. All right. So, bottom line, the accounts doing great. We're in great trades. We're being very patient. We don't have a ton of trades on right now, but the ones we do have are high quality trades and we are very delta neutral. Uh, in fact, if the market continues to just slide lower, we're going to do even better. We've got some trades over 4 500% right now. Uh, we've got some ES113 trades uh that are up almost 150%. We've got a BA11 trade up over 560% right now because we planned ahead for this move. we don't have to put on a ton of trades because we're going to have some trades that are really going to pay off uh pretty substantial here uh in the near future so we can just manage what we're doing out there. All right, I hope this video was helpful to you. If you can do me a favor, please go ahead and click that like button down below. I'd appreciate that. Uh give me a little bit of love if you get something out of this video. If you're not in the Discord service and you want to give us a shot, uh come and try us out, see what we do. a ton of information, great stuff every single day. Plenty of trainings, trade plans, strategies, spreadsheets, trackers, you name it. And a great community of really, really good traders doing some phenomenal zero DTE trading while this thing is uh bouncing around. Uh those guys are killing it. I'm killing it with zero DTE. It's my largest trades of the year because why? It's the opportunity. You trade the regime you're given. You don't keep trying to jam wheel trades or cash secured puts or buying leaps in the [snorts] market right now while it's falling. You trade the strategies that **[14:12]** falling. You trade the strategies that make the most sense. All right, I hope this makes sense to you. Have a great evening. Stay safe out there. We'll see you guys later. And be safe and be smart. Four.
