---
title: "Risk Management Strategy That Actually Works In Live Trading"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: -MAPAprErtk
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MAPAprErtk
upload_date: 2026-02-27
duration: "17:19"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Risk Management Strategy That Actually Works In Live Trading

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-02-27
**Duration:** 17:19
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MAPAprErtk

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]** All right. So, let's uh let's start off. We're going to share uh parts of a PowerPoint that I've been working on, which is parts of a course uh that comes up. Again, there's nothing exciting about the PowerPoint itself, but um it'll help you follow along a little bit more. And we're going to talk about risk management here. And a lot of people ask, you know, how much can I make on a trade? trade? Well, you saw when I was just putting on that spot trade, which has not filled, but you saw that I was trying to control my risk, uh, number one. So, I was trying to figure out before I could put that trade on, I didn't even know how much I was going to make. I was looking to see how much can I lose if I size it here. Will that fit into my budget? Okay. Does that fit into what I'm trying to do? Uh, so I didn't put that spot trade on until uh, and I'm still watching it here. U, but I wanted to size it appropriately to the downside for me, not to the upside. Okay, so I sized it until I got to the point where it was less than a a half a percent loss uh, for me. And why why is that? Well, I want to think how much I can lose if I put a trade on that's going to bring me in roughly $1,000. If I can lose $2,000 and I have nearly a $490,000 nearly a $490,000 account, what's $2,000 on $490,000? That's only4%. I probably could have sized it up even more. Okay, but I'm looking at how much can I lose. So this single shift in what you're thinking is what can change everything for you. Okay? Don't think about how much you can make on a trade. Really think about how much you can lose on a trade and size uh correctly because a lot of retail traders are going to, you know, chase the upside. But professionals, they're going to defend their capital first and because without capital, there is no upside to to be had. All right? So that being said, let's **[2:04]** All right? So that being said, let's talk about buying power as the risk thermometer here. Now, premium sellers, you know, buying power usage is the clearest indicator of risk to me. So, I think buying power gives you the clearest indication of risk. Yeah, you can look at Vega. Yeah, you could look at notional. I don't get wrapped up in notional um as much here. I'm really looking at buying power as one of my clearest indicators of risk. If you're looking at a dashboard uh here, I want to know what my buying power is because the higher the buying power, okay, the more leverage you have, the more fragile your account becomes. Uh so higher buying power, more leverage you're running against yourself. So leverage no good. Again, there's your notional little bit, but it's your leverage on your trades. you know, the more margin expansion risk you carry, the less flexibility you're going to have, okay? The more fragile your portfolio becomes. So again, higher buying power, not not a great thing. So you really want to use buying power as your uh as your risk. My core guidelines core guidelines here on buying power are I'm looking about 40 to 50% buying power in most normal environments. You know, I'll go up to 60. Uh but once I get to 60 and now I'm in in alert mode right now my buying power and we just shared my screen uh I'm at well if you factor in the spot trade that hasn't filled yet it's at 46% and that's after VIX has gone up 20% in the last two days and I'm sitting at 46%. I feel pretty good you know with where my risk is. Okay. If I get over 60% I'm going to be in alert mode. If I get over 80% I'm going to have to take action. Okay, it's pretty simple and cut and dried according to the trade plan. Okay, I'm not going to initiate any new trades above 60%. So once I get 60%, time out, stop, don't trade uh at that point. Okay, never any allow any **[4:06]** point. Okay, never any allow any sustained exposure near the max BP. So, you know, if it would run up to 85%, I got to start taking some action, but I don't want to I don't want to live there too long. Uh, so if we get near max BP, you don't want to live there. You don't want to live in the 60s too long either. So, sustained exposure, like just being out in the sun, you don't want to be out in the sun too long on a super hot, sunny day, uh, without some sort of sunscreen. Okay? It's the exact same thing here. If your BP stays up around 60 for too long, you're gonna get sunburned. So, a burn is going to happen at some point. Uh, and also, if volatility expands, your BP requirements are are going to expand. Your BP will expand as V grows. So, if you don't manage your BP, your broker's going to manage it for you. So, there's a saying for you, and it's not really a Mart of motivational quote, it's a reality. If you don't manage your BP, okay, the broker will. Okay, and that's just uh some margin reality there. You don't want to be forced into liquidation here. So, uh position sizing is going to equal survival in your portfolio. Most traders blow up not because of strategy, but because of sizing. Okay, sizing is what kills. That you didn't pick the wrong trade, but maybe you did pick a wrong trade, but you know what? There's plenty of wrong trades out there. I mean, I just closed a a SoFi trade. It I didn't have to close it. I just wanted to close it because I wanted to get out of the trade. Okay. And because I had sized it so small, it's a couple hundred loss on a 400 $500,000 account. Not a big deal. Okay. Even if it had blown through my stop and this spot trade that we're putting on, it's a point4% max loss uh or income. Okay. or I should say the max loss is 04%. If I would blow through that and miss it and it would go twice as bad and go to a 4x loss, I'd still only lose point8 of a **[6:08]** 4x loss, I'd still only lose point8 of a percent. So, if you're sizing correctly, you get to live another day. Okay? You can survive bad trades all day long, but you cannot survive you cannot survive bad sizing. So, bad sizing. So, uh, that that size is also going to determine your your longevity here. Uh, let's talk about some sizing rules, right? Never risk more than 2% of the total portfolio on a single trade. Never allocate more than 40% of your BP to anyone strategy. And again, smaller size is going to equal longevity to you. So, you don't want to get uh too large in size. And longevity is going to allow the probabilities to work out. Remember what we talked about earlier too is volatility will always always always always always mean revert. Okay? It can spike up VIX can go to 60. Okay? But it's going to go back down to 20 or 18. Okay? It's always going to mean revert. It can spike up into the mid20s here and then it's going back to 14 to 16 or something. Okay? It's always going to mean revert on you. If you can survive that because you small of your small size, you give yourself more time to let the probabilities work out. So professional trading is not necessarily again about maximizing your returns. It's really about maximizing your survival. Okay. Um so there's a couple things to say there. Uh, and Uh, and when we start to look at regime structure, this is really the key to to everything. And I've been talking about this for months and longer, okay? Risk isn't static. It adjusts with the environment. So risk doesn't always stay the same. It's going to adjust adjust with your environment. So, you want to implement, in my opinion, this is the this is the the core concept of what I've been trying to to push on uh everybody here is regime-based position sizing. sizing. Regime should determine your allocation. If the trade aligns with your current **[8:09]** If the trade aligns with your current regime, then I think you go full allocation. Okay. What did I do on spot? Well, spot is only partially aligning uh with that. spot is a neutral to bullish trade and we're in a slightly bearish to neutral environment. Okay. So, I'm right around that 1%. Technically, I'm putting on a trade that's counter uh to the regime. So, if you're aligned with the regime, 2% risk of your net lick. If you're partially aligned, which means one of them is a neutral is is neutral. If the market's neutral and you go bullish, that's partial. Okay? If the market's uh neutral, you go bearish, that's partial. If you're, you know, if the market's bullish and you go neutral, that's still partial. Okay? But if you go completely counter to it, if one of them is not ne a neutral type of trade, then you've got to size down. If you're going completely counter, if the market's bearish right now, you should not be putting on bullish trades at 2% risk. It should be at about a half a percent. percent. So right now I think one to a 0.5 is where you should be. Does this make sense? Uh I know crude crude stuff out there but this this screen here this would be the one I you know I'd focus my my entire trading on if you would use your position sizing and base it on regime and you would keep your buying power in these modes. you're going to survive pretty much anything that happens out there outside of black swan uh type of events. Uh so you know you're not guessing here. You're just allocating based on the probability and you're aligning the probabilities with the current regime. Maybe there's too many words in there. Uh but that's really professional capital management uh folks and you can create discipline through the structure um that you go here. So understanding **[10:12]** um that you go here. So understanding that here is creating discipline through your structure. It's an important you know psychological piece for you because structure is going to reduce your emotional decision trading. If you follow this structure okay it's going to prevent you okay or any structure really is going to prevent you from making emotional decisions. So when size is predefined you don't panic which is a great thing out there. Uh, so before I get that next slide in, if size is predefined, you're not going to panic. You're not going to revenge trade, okay? You're not going to double down. You're not going to oversize winners. You're not going to freeze up on losers, okay? Because your size is predefined and you're going to stick to your plan. There's no emotion left in anything here. We're we're totally going to take emotion out of it. That Spotify trade is still funky right now. All right. Uh anyway u so structure creates emotional discipline or emotional control. Okay. So I think it's another important point [clears throat] to take away uh on here. Position sizing is a discipline that's embedded in math if you want to think of it that way. So profits are byproduct. Risk management is our system that we're using here uh overall. Right? So there's a couple things for you uh to take away uh with on this training today. a little bit of a short training uh on risk and what we can do with risk. Okay? But size appropriately, appropriately, size according to the regime you're in. It doesn't matter what trades you take, but size them appropriately. If the trades are counter to the regime, you got to size appropriately. When you do that and you keep your buying power under control, you're going to find yourself a much better trader. Don't just trade any trades. I mean, they've got to have your structure on it, but you can find that you can have a lot more fun throwing on some spec trades or something when you size them properly. Okay, if I'm going to throw this spot **[12:14]** Okay, if I'm going to throw this spot trade on, okay, great. It's a spec trade. Okay, size it properly. Okay, if we win, great. If we lose, okay, we're going to lose point4% of our total account. Okay, I've had worse, right? So, that's just a scratch u out there. So, uh does this make [clears throat] sense? Hopefully, yes to everybody. uh out there, I want you to take this uh with you and understand this piece of training uh as we go through and we're looking at the trades in our accounts. All the trades in my accounts adhere to these measures and uh I'll share a little document with you. I'll share the screen uh size with you, but we'll put this training out uh separately. But this is the kind of stuff I want to keep making sure that we're covering with everybody here uh in the discord because it's really important for you to understand these kind especially if you're new to the discord or if you've been here forever u I think if you watch your risks okay structure according to regime and size appropriately you keep your buying power under control uh here and like I said don't stay at that 60 or whatever your max buying power level is it's like being on the beach in the sun man without suntan lotion. on. Okay, you're going to get burned, okay, if you stay at that level too long. I I will hit it. In fact, let's we'll take a quick peek here. quick peek here. I'll give you a couple quick peaks at the uh account. Nothing extraordinary here. Uh yeah, I've got some good examples. So, let me let me do this really quickly here uh with you. Last thing and then we're going to go. Okay. And we're just going to take a look at the account for the year. uh so far. So when we started the account on the 2nd of January, I just want you to focus on BP usage because you can't really see everything else here. Although you get this little sense of of theta and delta, that's not really what we're discussing today, but look at my BPU. So 56%. Okay, which is down from 59 at the end of the year. 56% 53 59 60. So, we're I'm **[14:17]** of the year. 56% 53 59 60. So, we're I'm hanging in this 60 level a bit longer than I wanted to. Uh, but when you look at what was happening uh out there on I can't pull everything up and show you at once, but when where was what was let's see if we go to the daily chart on ES and we're looking at the beginning of January. Okay, we were in a nice uptrend. I mean, we were in a great uptrend. We had just bounced on January 2nd, we bounced off the 21 and we ran up above the eight. We stayed above the 21. Eight was above the 21. Everything was perfect. It was an absolute bullish regime that we were in. My trading plan My trading plan will tell me, okay, that I'm going to allocate about 55% uh BP usage at times. Okay. So, I'm pretty close to where that was, but I'm in a really bullish regime with with those types of trades. So, I did stay on the beach a little long here. We got 65. We got to 70. Backed it off to 65, 69. Okay. Got up to 72 uh by the 13th. A little little a little much, but we were still in a good mode. Okay. Then we backed it back down. Okay. Then back to 60, 59, 58. We hit a 60. Then we were in the 40s. Okay. Uh on some things here. So you can see that buying power really moves around. If we look at this month, we've been at that 55% which is my normal percent. I get to 64 for a day, it backs back down. We've been in the 40s, back to the 50s, 53, it backs back down. Get to 55, it back. It's going to gyate a little bit as you go through here, but it shouldn't be staying in. and it's it wasn't at 65 or 70 or staying at those levels uh too awful long uh out there. All right, so I hope that makes sense uh to you. But **[16:19]** uh to you. But uh my my BP uh yeah, I just track it in my Tasty Trade account at the end of every day. every day. Okay, I'm going up here to this upper right. I have BP usage as part of my header because I'm tracking my delta, my theta, my Vega, my BP usage, and then my BP usage percent along the top here. Uh, so that's what I'm getting with. That's how much buying power of your net lick that you're using. Okay, so how much of your net lick margin, okay, are you using, right? So on TT, it's pretty easy to track easy to track um with that. So you can kind of see where those things come from. And now we're only down a couple hundred bucks on the day. Uh so overall, not a bad day. Pretty good week. We've had a a couple great weeks, couple great months u so far. All right. Uh we'll wrap that up here for you. So hopefully this is a good training uh for you and you get a good sense of what we're
