---
title: "This ETF Portfolio Pays Me Every Single Month | Income Strategy Review"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: Fb0aIkZdtmw
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fb0aIkZdtmw
upload_date: 2026-03-03
duration: "13:05"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# This ETF Portfolio Pays Me Every Single Month | Income Strategy Review

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-03-03
**Duration:** 13:05
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fb0aIkZdtmw

---

## Transcript

**[0:04]** All right, welcome traders. Hey, today is going to be a little different of a experience for you. I'm going to talk about uh one of my investing accounts where I'm really uh covering just income ETFs in that account. I mean, there's a few other things that generate income, but this portfolio is designed as just an income generator, not a growth generator. It's not a trading account, uh or any of those things. It is really just an investing account where I'm actually looking to try to just generate monthly income and I really like the NOS funds. So, I'm I use most of those funds. I'm going to show you how uh January and February have gone. So, I'm just give you a little monthly update uh now that February is in the books. Not too shabby. I like where we are. We're going to keep adding to this. Now, I do have a a very detailed strategy on this. I do share with the members of our Discord exactly what I'm doing. Uh but there's a certain allocation. There's a way I'm reinvesting the income into uh the portfolio right now. There's also a way that I'm managing some risk and doing some other things. It's a big strategy uh piece. I'm not going to go through it here on on this uh video, but I wanted to just update you with what I'm doing and maybe see if that's something that uh maybe you get some interest in uh and maybe spark some interest on your level. Again, this is only for entertainment, educational purposes. do your own research, trade your own plan, but maybe take a look and see if, man, that sounds like something I might like to look into. Feel free to look into that. If you want to check into more, you can always join our Discord and get the details from there. But that being said, let's not get into that. Let's talk about the portfolio itself. So, let me go ahead and share the portfolio with you and let's get into what's happening here today. All right. Um, so we have spent a total of $384,000 $384,000 cashwise in this portfolio uh to get in. Uh, it's currently valued at 357242. So we are down about $27,000 since the inception, which is uh quite a while ago. So many moons ago uh back in **[2:06]** while ago. So many moons ago uh back in May of last year is when we really got started. Uh, but I've honed this thing now since the beginning of this year. So uh I'm not tracking it since the beginning of this year. I'm going back to the original holdings. Uh but that's where we are. Okay. We have also received about $20,000 in distributions in this portfolio uh so far, which is not too bad. Uh the total net income between those two is we're down about $6,500, $6,500, which is about 1.7% down overall. Now, all of these together, all of the funds that I'm using here are using about $156,000 in margin. Okay? So the return on margin when you look at these distributions here uh overall I'm just talking distribution return on margin not the overall net income return on margin distributions are generating about 13% uh in total. So that being said here's some things to look at. Uh we had in January about $3,500 in distributions and then this month about 41.88. Now, I do plan on increasing the amounts that I have in this portfolio. I am not fully invested. There's more money in cash. I'm looking for a dip to purchase to buy some more shares and be smart about that. So, u that being said, you get a little sense of what's going on. All right. the return on uh the end of the month valuation here uh and our distributions gives you a little sense of what is the monthly return uh on that uh last month about 1.24% this month about 1.28%. Uh so we're generating about 1.28% a month so far on average or about 1.26 if you really want to know that'll put us about 15% for the year. uh which if you figure that the stock market uh returns about 10% a year on average, nine, eight, nine, 10% a year on average, I'm pretty happy with that from an investing standpoint. This is **[4:07]** from an investing standpoint. This is not a trading account. Make way more than that in my trading account. I'm just putting this together as just an income generator. And I'm going to talk about why it's down here in a minute. Uh you can see overall we've got Spy Eye in here. Uh my goal is to have about 25% in Spy Eye. We're currently sitting at 29% because this was the original fund I started. You can see back here uh in u in May of last year is when I first started uh investing in it. I added a little bit more in September and a little bit more in December. Uh so we've been slowly adding to this fund as we go. Uh so it's got a higher allocation right now, but as I start to reinvest in some of the other ones that are newer, uh we'll those will start to even out. All right, QQQ, we also started this last year in October. Uh and overall, by the way, uh our return on uh investment here uh in Spyi, we started uh we we've made about $5,000 on the gains of the ETF and we've made about $8,000 on distribution. So total net income from the SPY position is up about $13,000, which is about uh over 13%. Not too bad for something that I've only been doing for about eight months now. Uh so I will take that. I'm pretty happy uh with with spy eye. Uh on the Q's uh that is that positions down a about $3,000. Q's have struggled a little bit more as of late, but we've had over $3,000 of distribution. So we are actually on the positive here uh of net income. I'm not worried. I believe the markets will go up over time. So the fact that the current um the current value of the fund is down is okay. I'm looking at the income. Now, if things start to really go ary, uh we'll we'll can we'll take a look at things, but uh overall not too shabby here. Uh the **[6:09]** overall not too shabby here. Uh the goals 20%, we're at 23% again because this is a fund that we started uh last year and I've been tracking all of the distributions uh here and I do track them by month um so that we can see exactly what's coming in and make those decisions as to what to keep. Now, I did recently, just a couple days ago, um, we added SPY, again, another NEOS fund. This is a hedged version of SPY. Uh, this is basically a break even. I've only had it on for a couple weeks. Uh, no distributions so far. Actually, take that back. We had a distribution on the 27th of 178 bucks. So, it's up fractionally uh, right now. I'm not too not too concerned about it, but it is a little safer little safer fund and it's generating a little bit less of a distribution, which is fine. If you want to look these up, I'm not going to explain them all to you. Uh, that's for you to research. Uh, there I'm just telling you what I've got. And at Spy, I want to get to about 15%. I'm only at 7.7% only at 7.7% of the total of the total uh portfolio in here. So I will be doubling my position in spy as we go. I am also uh in my trading account. I never make contributions to it. Um I just grow whatever it is in this account. I will be making some contributions as we go. Have not made any this year. Uh but I expect to start doing that. I've got a wedding uh to pay for uh in just a couple weeks from now. Uh we're heading out to Greece for a couple weeks. I'll be in Florida a couple times. So, I've got some expenses and some things that I'm uh looking at, but this is really to set up as a set it and not forget it, but let it grow. Um, now here's uh the the rub. We are in the Bitcoin ETF, uh, BTCI. We're down about 30,000 almost $31,000 30,000 almost $31,000 in this one. We've but we have had about $6,000 in distributions. So, overall, we're down. Now the ETF is down 43% **[8:12]** we're down. Now the ETF is down 43% since we started. Okay. But we are actually uh not down that much. We're down about 28% down about 28% uh overall uh overall uh on this. And then on the margin too uh we're generally about 28% on distributions on the margin which is pretty good. So I like it. uh if as BTCI and I again I believe in Bitcoin as it starts to rebound or or rebounds here uh you'll see us uh really doing well in this fund. On the same note I have NEI which is and by the way the goal allocation 7% again because of the way I got into these funds back in 25 and came up with this new strategy in 26. The allocations are a little bit out of whack so I won't be adding to this one. Uh its current allocation is 15%. It's probably going to grow substantially if Bitcoin uh increases. I will not be reinvesting anything into this part until all the other allocations are back to where they need to be. Now, NEHI is the Ethereum fund. Okay, so this one is pretty much just a break even as well. Uh we've had two distributions or one distribution from this so far, which is a really nice distribution. I like this fund a lot. I'm a big believer in Ethereum, much more so than Bitcoin. I I'm looking to get to about 8%. I'm at 8.3. So, I'm I'm really where I want to be uh with this uh with this fund right now. So, I'm pretty happy with where we are. We're just getting started on distributions, especially since Bitcoin and Ethereum have had a little bit of a tougher go. Um I like the way it's hanging in there, uh doing well. Another fund that I have here is gold. So, the IAUI is the gold ETF from NEOS as well. Uh, we're up about $3,000 in value on the ETF. We've also had a distribution so far, just one uh one distribution. So, we've made about 31.85 uh on income here about 10%. And then lastly, I added today NIHI. **[10:14]** lastly, I added today NIHI. This is an international fund uh tracking the MSCI. I like this fund. I wanted to go about 10% on this and uh I opened up with about a 7% position. I will add some more. If it if there's any more pullback on it, I'd like it. We have not had distributions because I just added it today. And by the way, gold, I'd like to get to 15%. I'm only at nine. So overall, I'm pretty happy with where this is right now. I'm pretty happy with the distributions I'm getting. So I'm averaging about 1.26%. uh which is going to put me again around 15% a year just from these funds. I am doing some other things uh in this account. So it's not all just funds. There's a few other unique u things in here. We are doing the dynamic income uh poor man covered calls uh in this. So there's a a little bit of uh amount allocated to those. Those are doing well uh in this account. And then I do have uh some bond funds that I'm going to be adding. They're not going to be a distribution bond fund like N US has in TL. TL. Uh I will be doing some uh ESG uh in here as well just to have a place for some of my cash to make some income. I may also look depending on how this goes without adding [snorts] a lot of risk to this account. And I do have other investment accounts. So this one is a a good opportunity. I will also be looking at selling at selling a box spread trade to generate some more cash. Okay, I'm okay with the 4% annual expense that that would um cost me. So, I can pay 4% to borrow that money using an SPX uh box trade. Uh, and then I would use that cash to add some additional ETFs or uh equal out some of these um funds that I have in here to get to my proper allocations. I'm okay paying a little bit of that. I won't be paying **[12:15]** little bit of that. I won't be paying margin interest. Okay, I'll be paying the interest um or the difference on those box funds, but those box trades and that will be an opportunity for me to inject some cash in here, keeping me from any margin interest, which is a much higher rate. Okay, I'm not going to margin to the hilt here. I'm not going to go crazy. Uh, but that will add some cash. So, I should be able to pay off that. If I have even if I have something that's only generating 10% and I'm paying 4%, I'll take an extra 6% a year or so on this account. I have not done that yet. I will keep you in the loop as we do those things. But hopefully this is something of interest to you and you can see what we're doing and if it makes sense, maybe it's something you want to take a look at. All right, stay safe. Have a good time on that. Take a look at what I'm doing here and then make some decisions on your own. We'll see you later. Bye-bye.
