---
title: "Today's Market Setup | Five Trade Ideas Now!"
channel: "For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! "
channel_slug: tomm-king
video_id: RxQzjc5y-L8
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxQzjc5y-L8
upload_date: 2026-02-09
duration: "20:27"
description: "Follow my journey of selling options on futures live and see how I build and work my trading plan.  "
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-14
---

# Today's Market Setup | Five Trade Ideas Now!

**Channel:** For live trading, detailed trade specifics and to see how I manage my trades in real time and make trading decisions and for more advanced trading education, courses, and a great trading community, Check Out Our Discord! 
**Date:** 2026-02-09
**Duration:** 20:27
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxQzjc5y-L8

---

## Transcript

**[0:03]** Hello, welcome traders. Hey, it's Monday, February 9th, 2026. A nice day up in the market after a big [clears throat] reversal day on Friday. So, what I want to share with you today is I want to show you my futures playbook, what I'm looking at. Uh I'm going to look at the my daily trade plan uh today, share some charts with you, uh show you what I'm trading today, and show you what uh what setups I trust. And there's not a lot of them out there that I trust right now. The market's kind of funky, but there's always stuff to be had. So, hope you get a lot out of this video. Let me share my screen with you. Uh, let's take a look at what we did for the day today, where my portfolio stands, and then we're going to get into how I'm analyzing the market right now, what are we seeing, and then we'll jump into a couple specific trade ideas. Uh, if that's good with you at the end. Uh, as always, if you like this video, I hope you'll stay to the end. Uh, stick around. Click the like button uh there. And uh if you're not a subscriber, subscriber, come on, join it. We're almost 20,000 strong here. Uh I'd love to hit that 20,000 mark uh with you and hopefully you get something of value out of this. Uh Uh just want to share what I'm doing out there. So again, this is for uh entertainment, education purposes, and just sharing my trades, my trading style, and what I'm doing. So let's uh go ahead and jump right into it and uh we'll get into my particular uh portfolio here. Uh you can see we ended the day at 458 uh on delta. Now Friday we were at 09%. Today we're at 0.1%. So we are very very delta neutral. That is a goal for me. I like to be as delta neutral as possible and usually never more than 0.2. And you can see going back uh we're nowhere near uh that on here only a couple days away 0.16.15 28 or 0 23 here and there uh for a day or so, but uh only if the market sells off hard uh do we get down there. But uh **[2:03]** off hard uh do we get down there. But uh overall pretty good. Uh we're generating $1,766 $1,766 worth of theta per day on here. So good theta decay. I like to keep that around point4 uh percent and we've really been pretty close to that. uh all year long. Uh net lick today rose to 467050. Uh we are up for the month about $7,000. So about 6439 So about 6439 uh for the month. So not too bad. Up $6,439. $6,439. 1.4% up for the month. And it's the 9th. We're on target. I'm only trying to get, you know, 2 3% a month. I'd love two and a half to 3%. That'd be my goal if I can hit that on a monthly basis. And that's the goal. If we get more than that, great. Okay, things worked out. We did some some things right. Okay, if we hit that number, again, we did things the right way. So, uh that being said, there's where the account is uh right now. We're 55% buying power. So, we're we're pretty much right in my uh zone. I like to be around 60% uh overall. All right, that being said, let's take a look at what the markets did today. Uh overall, here's kind of my uh I call it my day trading screen. I use this to trade zero DTE. Pretty basic. There's not a lot of fluff on here. I erased most of my levels already for the day. Uh with the exception of uh this level down here, which you can see was a previous pivot level high from the previous day. previous day. uh here that we managed to uh come right down at the very beginning and hit right on it and bounced off of it and then it was off to the races uh from there. I did not enter. That's earlier uh in the day for me. This was right at 9:33 or so, 9:30 in the morning. And I typically won't get in until about 10:30, which is right around here. Still would have been a good day to get in. Trend was up. I should have gotten in. I didn't. I didn't really trust the market today. **[4:05]** didn't really trust the market today. You got to trade what you see and I saw it and I still didn't trust it. Uh one of the reasons I didn't trust it was uh if you're looking at the 15minute here on the left on the left uh at 10:30 uh at 10:30 uh right around here. Okay. Everything was you know nice and heading up but we were at the 3 ATR and the upper Ballinger band. I felt even though the upper Ballinger band 3 ATHR were opening up and widening to the upside, I just didn't trust that, you know, we weren't getting overdone here and RSI was overbought. Now it can stay overbought. You can see uh last Friday it stayed overbought almost the whole session. Uh stochastic momentum was a was overbought as well uh all the way until about noon and then started to fade. Uh, at that point, uh, I maybe could have thought about putting on a call credit spread at that point, but I'm typically I'm typically done by by noon. So, um, if I don't see a great setup for me, you know, maybe this pullback, if you're looking at the three minute over here, you know, right around this point, we we pulled back right at 10:30, hit the eight moving average, and then bounced. Maybe that was an opportunity. I just didn't see a clear opportunity for zero DTE today. So, I did not trade it. Okay, that being said, let's jump into the markets and uh do my quick top down regime check here. Uh first thing we'll do is uh we're going to look at uh the ES mini futures. Uh despite the down day on Friday, we had or Thursday, we had a big bullish engulfing reversal on Friday. uh both of those tagging through this anchored VWOP. But you can see uh the white anchored VWOP here. We've broken it and then reversed the next day. Broken it, reversed the next day, broken it, reversed the next day. So, I want to at least give it a day or two uh after we first break it to confirm that we have **[6:08]** first break it to confirm that we have indeed maybe broken some key supports or something in here. One day does not make a trend for me. So, uh I want to make sure that you keep that in mind uh with you. Now, uh we do have the 8 moving average, the 21 exponential moving average, the 50 and in fuchsia here uh exponential moving average, and then down here, you can barely see it, is the 200 MA as well with the RSI and the ADX line. Why is the ADX even on here? Who cares what is that doing? It's telling me the strength of the trend. And right now, the trend is at about a 25.7. It's still an okay uptrend. It's not the strongest uptrend, but it's it's not terrible. Okay. Uh it's just okay. All right. And I think the market is just okay here. Uh if you would have asked me on Thursday, uh at the end of on Friday morning, hey, what was you know, where are we now? I would have said on Friday morning, hey, we're in a bearish regime now on the daily. Okay. Eight would have been below the 21. Stock would have been below the 21. stock broke to 50. It broke the u anchored VWAP. It broke this uptrend line. It had an RSI that was breaking lower below 50. Everything on the daily chart said we've got uh a bare market, you know, now at least a bearish, not a bare market, but we've got a bearish market, bearish regime uh to trade in. Okay. But when you zoom out to the weekly, which is how I like to do things, okay, I've got my weekly charts here really quickly. quickly. And I can see, wow, this thing doesn't really look so bad at all, does it? Okay. Uh, you've got uh above, you know, you've got the stock uh or the, you know, E- minis above the eight. The eight's above the 21 by decent amount. Uh, you've got this uptrend still in great intact here. Uh, you've got way above the 50 exponential weekly moving average, way above these supports, bullish PR, RSI above 50. I mean **[8:10]** bullish PR, RSI above 50. I mean everything on the weekly chart says it's bullish. Uh it's buy the dip even though we have this ascending triangle uh or wedge I should say which is a bearish a bit of a bearish pattern uh overall but overall but you got to break it and hang hang down in there. So right now we we go higher uh bearish PR is the only thing and the eight is maybe a fraction below the 21. So, if you want to call this bullish to neutral, fine. I think a bullish to neutral trade sets up perfectly for my style. Okay? Right? Because I'm slightly slightly positive delta, but not buying much. I'm I'm fairly delta neutral to delta slightly positive, which means the 112 trade, which is my my favorite trade out there, that's a perfect setup right now. I like the at the money version. So, I do move um I put debit spread around. and move it much higher uh in the trade. It does pull back some of the income, but it gives me a much bigger trap uh at a point where the market's kind of wobbling a little bit like now. So, I feel like the market is like a a boxer uh that's been hit a couple times pretty hard. Uh still on his feet, still going. Okay. Still retaining his his belt right now. He's still got a couple more rounds to go. Um, but he's been knocked around a bit and uh just maybe not as sharp as he was. Uh, but uh overall I'm still good uh with the market. So being bearish or being u uh bullish here [clears throat] or to neutral a 112 trade. Jade lizards at the money 112s 113s 11x whatever you want to do with it. I think those are good trades. Uh I will stay away from the strangle even though I think that that's not a bad uh opportunity. Uh here as well if we're looking at u CL uh here if we're looking at oil here's oil. Here's what we're here's what we're dealing with on oil and oil's had a pretty good **[10:12]** with on oil and oil's had a pretty good run as of late the last couple weeks uh on oil. on oil. I think the whole situation in the Middle East is keeping oil elevated. Uh, I think it's a a pretty volatile situation. Even though maybe the news isn't as solid or is making a big a deal on this as it should be, u I think overall uh the Middle East situation with Iran is nerve-wracking. Excuse me. So, that being said, I think it's a powder cake that could go off any time and blast oil higher. So, I [clears throat] want to put on trades that do not have any restrictions to the upside. No strangles, no inverse jade lizards, things like that right now. I prefer the 112. We're in two of them. We're in two at the money 113s uh right now on oil. And those are both doing great. Uh one of them's up uh 87% in 17 days. The other one's up 53% in 4 days. days. And if we look at volatility on oil, okay, it's elevated. Okay, so elevated volatility on oil. It's not it's not coming down. It's staying elevated. So things are uh things are not all hunky dory uh on the oil section here. So if you're going to play it, okay, don't give yourself any restrictions to the upside. I like oil. I think it looks uh nice for a 112 trade in here. We'll keep trading oil. All right. Uh been a fantastic trade for us. All right. So, continuing on here, gold gold had this great pullback. We entered more. We entered naked puts. We got all kinds of stuff uh that we added here uh on this trade. And in fact, uh uh we had an at the money 112, which is doing great. It's up 80% now in 32 days. So, I mean, just everything working the way it should. Things are bullish on on gold. **[12:15]** should. Things are bullish on on gold. RSI has been reset from overbought back to uh the 50 and now rising again. You know, we're back above the eight. 8 has stayed above the 21. Things are bullish. Uh so I think gold looks great here. 4112. 4112. Uh I would have said naked put candidates when you hit the 50 or on these big pullbacks. So if you get a big pullback, I think a naked put uh is not a bad opportunity. Uh we've done those as well. So, we do have uh a gold naked put. We actually sold the 400 on GLD. That thing is now up 80% in seven days. So, that's working. So, we're doing well on uh the things that we that we like to trade trade and just sticking around our core uh our core uh four here. And then the last of the core four, of course, is bonds. and bonds have just been in this downtrending channel top to bottom to top to bottom to top to probably the bottom here um as a whole but really also very sideways. I mean, we're almost touching the 200, the 50 in one day. Our wicks touched the 50 EMA. We We started at the 200, we touched the eight, we touched the 21 uh EMAs, all in one day. You can't be much more neutral than that. RSI at 52. The gift that keeps on giving is the strangle on bonds. Whether you want to use ZB or you want to use TLT, we actually put on a new TLT strangle today and we have an existing bonds futures strangle which is up 41% in 20 uh 21 days 27 days, sorry, 27 days that things up doing doing great and just keep just keep putting them on uh and making money out there. You don't have to play all these riskier or crazy assets uh as well. All right. I also looked at silver today, which I thought **[14:17]** looked at silver today, which I thought silver was interesting silver was interesting on the session, pulling back uh to the 50-day moving average and trying to hold on to the 50 here. RSI just below the 50, starting to get back in the swing of things. You did have the 821 cross. Something to keep an eye on. I don't think this is a bad spot uh to get into silver. It's going to be chasing gold. The pullback's been really really good on this. So, silver not not a bad play in here. And I think you can also look at also look at oops oops copper copper futures. So, looking at copper, okay, if you want to play copper, I think the same type of a thing holds. We came back, we've tagged the 50 EMA several times and we have bounced off of it. I think copper looks good here, too. Uh, so I'd be wanting to look at like 112s or bullish trades on copper and silver both uh in here. So precious metals looking pretty decent uh overall. All right, so there's where we were on most of those key [snorts] uh areas. We looked at some stocks. Uh the only ones standing out to me right now are Broadcom, which looks fantastic, breaking the downtrend line. Uh things look all all good to go on Broadcom. So I think that's a top looking one uh for me. Uh Nvidia is looking pretty decent heading into heading into into earnings here. So I think Nvidia looks pretty good. So Broadcom Nvidia uh both look really really good uh to me and I think there's some bottom feeding type of stocks that SoFi down here maybe worth a nibble. Uh if I'm looking at uh UNH down here, uh United Healthcare may be worth a nibble down here. If it wasn't for earnings, I think SHOP might be worth a nibble down here. So, I think **[16:18]** be worth a nibble down here. So, I think there's some some potential swing plays or bounce plays on some very very oversold oversold uh assets uh out there. So, I think you could take your pick on a couple of those and take a shot at it. uh Bitcoin on the day pretty much unchanged which also strategy having a decent thing. So I think you can nibble here uh as well and then Ethereum and then Ethereum also worth a little bit of a nibble here as well. I'm in Bitine uh but I did add uh actually a covered call ETF on Ethereum into my longer term uh portfolio u as a whole. So that's what I want to take a look at on the day. There's where we are. Uh, and I think really when it comes down to it, you've got to trade what I think makes the most sense uh, for you. I'm looking at these core four regimes. This is where I'm playing because the regime is bullish on ES weekly and really daily as well. I think you can be putting on bullish trades in assets that look bullish right now. I think gold still bullish. I think there's opportunities to play gold. I think silver bullish. There's some opportunities on this pullback to play silver. I think oil bullish. I think this Middle East thing is going to be heating heating up. I think it's going to keep a bid under oil. I would not want to restrict the upside. No strangles, nothing like that uh on oil. I don't see this thing resolving uh well uh in the next couple weeks. Who knows what's going to happen? I can't predict the future. No crystal ball here. Uh but that being said, I want to be smart with what we're doing in case the US does decide, hey, you know what? We're going to go to war here and this won't be an easy one. Uh there's a lot of players out there. There's a lot of people involved in this mess. Uh so something to keep an eye on for the markets. I'm not saying we're going to crash or any of these things are going to happen uh here. I just would be very cautious uh with what you're doing here. Tech stocks **[18:19]** with what you're doing here. Tech stocks had a pretty good rally today, but they needed to because they had such a terrible uh day last week uh where they were uh getting absolutely slaughtered and the rotation is on uh from there. I still think energy looking pretty good. Oxy is another one you could potentially nibble at right here. So, lots of opportunities. I think the other thing to to make sure that you're paying attention to uh today is, you know, zero DTE. Don't chase it after the move. So, there's at least some some rules for you there. Take your profits uh mechanically here. Don't be a hero. If it if you need to take some things off, fine. Strangles. Stick to your stop losses. Stick to your uh your profit targets on these things. these things. I'm only rolling uh some of my income covered calls when the extrinsic is gone. I'm I'm not rolling up the full distances. I'm rolling up half the distances on some of these rolls to avoid that whipssaw potential here is because I don't think this market's done yo-yoing around. Okay, so stay safe. If you found some uh some interest here, uh we put on a bunch of trades today. We generated some more cash. Uh we've got great things going on. Awesome stuff in the Discord. I would really love for you guys to come join us here. What do you got to lose? Okay. Uh there's a code down below. If you go into the description down below, uh you can get to the incomennavavigator.com to the incomennavavigator.com website. If you join now, you can use the code king k i nng. Get 50 bucks off the first month. Okay? Come steal all my stuff. Steal the trade plan, steal the trackers, the spreadsheets. Come and take a look at it all. And if you want to leave, then that's fine with you. But if you want to stick around and learn something and learn how to be a better trader, be in a great community of hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of other really great traders sharing their trades, uh, and asking lots of great questions, come and join us. We hope you **[20:20]** questions, come and join us. We hope you will improve your overall trading. All right, so we'll see you later, everybody. Stay safe, stay warm out there, and we'll see you guys tomorrow. Bye-bye.
