---
title: "Bitcoin Crashed Hard. Here’s How I’m Playing It."
channel: "Get the "New Rich" Playbook: Learn how to build a tax-free Bitcoin income stream using elite strategies that unlock Bitcoin's true potential. Free guide + tools to buy trophy assets and leverage for tax-free income  https://link.1markmoss.com/ABT8t"
channel_slug: mark-moss
video_id: JgXtAl0lV8c
video_url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgXtAl0lV8c
upload_date: 2026-02-10
duration: "19:18"
description: "Watch this video where I break down volatility: https://youtu.be/Z_vlwus19-8?si=DdRR_b8wnpxBLGh8"
view_count: 
transcript_type: auto-generated
sync_date: 2026-03-09
---

# Bitcoin Crashed Hard. Here’s How I’m Playing It.

**Channel:** Get the "New Rich" Playbook: Learn how to build a tax-free Bitcoin income stream using elite strategies that unlock Bitcoin's true potential. Free guide + tools to buy trophy assets and leverage for tax-free income  https://link.1markmoss.com/ABT8t
**Date:** 2026-02-10
**Duration:** 19:18
**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgXtAl0lV8c

---

## Transcript

**[0:01]** All right, welcome back. We got a good video today. It's going to be lots of fun because Bitcoin's price is completely plunging, at least at the time that we're recording this. I don't know when you're going to watch it. However, it doesn't really matter because we're not talking about where the price is today. We're going to talk about what we should do when Bitcoin crashes cuz it crashes all the time. I'm going to show you in a second. So, the reality of where we're at as of right now, we can see the Bitcoin price has come down from October of 2025 where it had its high and it's come down for about four months and right now it's sitting right here about $70,000. Again, this isn't really the most important part. It could be up or down by the time you watch this video. But the question that we're asking is when it drops like this, especially over this couple of days where it just completely puked, just completely dropped. Emotions get really high and we start to think like, what should we be doing about this? Should I try to be selling here so I could buy back in here? Um, should I buy in now or is it going to keep dropping down even further? What should I do? And that's what we're going to answer in this video. Okay. So, the first thing we have to understand is that it's kind of normal. I recently just made a video talking about Bitcoin's volatility and showing you how we use it, how we want to understand it. We'll link to that down below. It might be very helpful to watch after this video is over. Okay. Now, the reason why we want to understand what's going on is because this is kind of normal. Bitcoin is extremely volatile. That means it moves up and down a lot. As a matter of fact, we have a chart just going back a couple of years. This is going back to 2018 right here. So we can see from 2017 we had this big drop from about 20,000 all the way down to about 3500 or so. An 85% drop. We can see the 72% drop. 54% drop. 77% drop. This was in November 2021. That was the last high down to the bare market 2022. But here we have a lot of small ones. So right here we had two different drops of 22 to 25%. As it's going. So it made its low and it's been climbing climbing climbing climbing up here and here. Oh, just two casual 25% drops and then we go up here and then we **[2:03]** drops and then we go up here and then we have 2020 24 2025 we have two 35% drops and then it just keeps going and made a new alltime high and now it's down 50%. So you can see it's kind of normal. It's uh it's kind of par for the course. But again in hindsight it becomes very clear. And so then someone looks at this chart and goes, "Well, wait a minute. It goes up and down so much. Why don't I just start to sell it here and buy it back here and sell it there and buy it back there? Well, let's take a look at that. What we want to understand is there's three ways that you might want to decide how you move forward with this. I'm going to break each three of these down. I'm going to let you know which one I align with and which one statistically is proven to do better. Three different camps. Now, the three camps are how you react when it inevitably crashes again because it's going to keep crashing. So, number one, do I want to try to sell the top, hopefully somewhere around the top, and then buy back in, hopefully somewhere at the bottom. I'm actively trading. I'm sitting there watching the charts all day long. I'm t trying to time the market. Or am I the person who just wants to continue to buy? I don't sell, but I continue to buy. However, what I do is I throttle my buys. So, I buy heavier when it's cheap. I buy less when it's expensive and things like that. That's uh somewhere I've found myself. I've talked about that quite often. We'll come back to that. And then there's card three. That's just the continuous accumulation. So that just means that every week or every two weeks or every month, I just buy. Doesn't matter what the price is. I just continue to buy over and over. Now, you're doing one of these if you buy Bitcoin without even knowing what you're doing, which that's the problem. But the question isn't which one sounds smarter. It's not which one is the best. The question is which one actually works for your specific goal. Well, how do I know what my goal is? Well, let's go to the scoreboard. So, if we take a look at the scoreboard, we can see that we're going to choose one of these. One of our goals is going to align us with either one of these. What am I talking about? Well, if I am a fiat maxi, if I'm trying to make **[4:04]** I am a fiat maxi, if I'm trying to make more money, I want to make more dollars. I'm a hedge fund. One of my really good friends owns a very successful hedge fund and he crushes it and he's a trader. He loves trading in and out of assets. Not like you think like a day trader, but swing traders or whatever, position traders. and he loves to trade against Bitcoin and his goal is to make more dollars, more dollar returns. Over here we have the accumulator. The accumulator, they see that we're going through a monetary transfer and they think in terms of balance sheet thinking. Now, there's no wrong or right. You can be on either side of these. They're just different behaviors depending on what your ultimate goal is. The trouble is when you don't understand which objective you're going for and you start mixing them. Now, for myself, I'm trying to get more Bitcoin. I'm not trying to make more dollars. I'm trying to make more Bitcoin. And I'll explain to you why that is as we get back to the end. Okay. So, for the first strategy, we saw the chart. We saw the volatility. And like, man, it just looks so obvious. I could just sell high and buy back low. Makes sense, right? So, that's probably the most tempting strategy because it looks so easy, right? You look at the chart, it's so volatile, and you can look at all these different indicators, but here's the thing. It works, but only it works for a very set or a very specific set of conditions. And I would say it probably works more hypothetically. It works better in hindsight. It works better when I'm back testing things. First of all, it means I'm glued to my computer. It means I'm looking at hundreds of indicators and charts. I have types, you know, probably AI helping me doing these things. I'm doing all that. But let me tell you why it typically fails. You see, first of all, in order to achieve that, I have to have extremely good execution. So, in order to improve my Bitcoin position using this type of a strategy, there's four things that have to go perfectly right. Number one, I have to be able to time the top. Now, we don't know tops or bottoms until we look backwards on them. They're extremely volatile at the top and the bottom. So, we're not sure which one's the top, which one's the bottom. So, we have to time the top. It's very difficult. Number two, at the bottom, we **[6:04]** difficult. Number two, at the bottom, we don't want to catch a falling knife because it could just keep falling. But, we also don't want to panic back in. We don't want to panic at the top or the bottom. Then we have to be able to buy back before the rebound. That's the key piece. And I have some data to show you what that means. And then we have to be able to do it consistently, not just one time, but every single time. We have to be able to do it over and over. Okay. Now, let me show you why this is much harder than you may think. I know it sounds easy. Now, here's a report from Fundstrat. And this evidence right here shows us that the annual returns are concentrated in just 10 days. So, what does that mean? That means that the biggest moves happen together. And if you miss those big moves, you miss out on a bulk of the move. Now, this is this is the same across all financial assets. The S&amp;P 500 has the same thing. It just doesn't move as fast. So, it's not as hard to catch. It's much harder in Bitcoin. So, let me show you what we're talking about. We can see that the annual returns are concentrated in just 10 days. If you if you take the top 10 days, so for example, um out of a year out of 365, the top 10 days in 2019 gave you 200% returns and the rest of the year, the other 355 days, you lost 39%. Here we have 2021, the best 10 days in the market made 180%. But the rest of the year, you lost 43%. And then over here we have uh 2024, 52% or down 15%. Now, the problem is, again, those best 10 days happened right after the very worst days. So, as I opened up showing you, we had the big plunge for a couple days in a row and then we had a giant rebound. If you miss that giant rebound, you miss one of these days. And so, it makes it very difficult because you don't want to catch the falling knife. You want to wait for the bottom to form. You want to wait for it to rebound. And so what that means is that you're going to lose 26% of your Bitcoin trying to accumulate this way. Okay, let me show you another reason why you'll probably fail on the execution. This is the **[8:05]** fail on the execution. This is the quantifying miss best days penalty. So what this means is that my returns degrade or they fall apart if I miss the best days. We're looking at from another way. So here we are looking at over the last 10 years. If I missed the top five days, I lost 23% of my return. And even worse, I lost 19% of my Bitcoin stack. What does that mean? So, when I'm trading, I could, if I'm just trading trying to get more dollars, I can buy Bitcoin at 20 and sell it at 40. I could buy back in at 50 and sell it for 65. I could buy back in at 75 and sell it for 90. And all along the way, I'm making more dollars, but I'm getting less and less Bitcoin. what we have over here. We're losing Bitcoin. If we miss the best 10 days, we've lost 26% of our Bitcoin stack. If we miss the best 20 days, we lose 34% of our Bitcoin stack. So, that's the problem. When we're out of the market time of the market, when we're out of the market, we miss those days, we miss the returns, and we don't just miss the US dollar returns. Even though we might be able to get the dollar returns, we lose the Bitcoin returns, which for me depends on what your scoreboard is. Now let me give you some other reasons why uh it's very very difficult to do this. We have something called drag. So for example, every time I trade I have fees. So I got to I got to pay the fees when I move in. I got to pay the fees when I move out. We have slippage. So as I'm trading the the position size is moving down. I have bid ass spreads spreads and so I have to give up a little bit on each side and those start to widen a lot when markets are moving really really fast. Um I get partially filled on my orders. I may I may miss my re-entries. And each one of those seems very small in isolation, but they compound against you in Bitcoin terms. Okay. On top of that, taxes. Taxes are one of the greatest ways we lose wealth. Um, so selling Bitcoin creates a taxable event. That means that when I sell out the 60 to buy back in at 75 or buy back in at 40, whatever, when I sell out, I lose a chunk of that capital and I have to send to the **[10:07]** capital and I have to send to the government. So now I have less available capital to get back into the market. So even if I time the trade just perfectly, I've still I've still lost capital. I've still bought back in with less after tax dollars. And that permanently reduces the amount of Bitcoin that I can accumulate. So again, sure, I'm adding dollars back to my account, but I'm losing Bitcoin. That's what matters to me. Now, this strategy works if you can time major cycle transitions correctly. It works if you remain out of the market for long periods of time. Maybe it works if you accept the massive emotional pressure that's put onto you trying to trade this. Um, and maybe it works if you can overcome all those drags, the structural drags, the tax drags, things like that. Okay, let's go to the next way. So, if that sounds like uh very difficult, if it sounds like a lot of work, if it sounds very emotionally draining and low statistical probability of working out, you might be right. So, another way we can do this is to just dollar cost average in. And this is what I've done a lot where I never sell. I don't I don't try to sell the top and buy back in. But what I do try to do is think when Bitcoin is very cheap or when Bitcoin is very expensive. So when when Bitcoin's expensive, you could buy less. When Bitcoin's very cheap, I could buy more. And so I'm throttling my dollar cost averaging. Right now on the surface, this feels optimal. Feels like a great way to do it. But there's problems. We're going to look at this. So this orange line is the 200 weekly moving average. This is a Bitcoin chart on a weekly chart. Anytime we can see the Bitcoin price touch into this 200 weekly moving average, it's cheap. It's a historic buying opportunity. If you bought it here, look, you could ride it all the way back to here. You wait till it comes back down and you could ride it all the way back up to here. You buy it here in 2022 and you ride it back up. Okay? So, anytime it's gotten on the 200 weekly moving average, it's cheap. It's a historic buying opportunity. You can see right here where we're at today, we're almost back to that position. It's back to almost cheap. But here's the problem. When is it expensive? So what **[12:07]** problem. When is it expensive? So what does this mean? Bitcoin can drift more expensive for a long time. So what happens is if I'm trying to sell when it's expensive or buy less when it's expensive, then what happens is let's say that I stop buying right here. Oh, it's pretty expensive. Look how far over the 200 it is. So I stop buying here. But then I miss out on all this gain. Now, I wait for it to come back down. I buy more here, but then let's say here in 2022, I I bought more here, but then it kept getting cheaper and cheaper and cheaper and cheaper. But I already deployed all my capital right here because I bought heavy when it got cheap. So now I've I've missed all this buying right here. And again, I quit buying here and I missed all of that gain. So while it sounds smart on paper, the reality is wherever your indicators are make it very, very difficult again. So what this means is that if you're trying to do it this way, you're not reducing your risk. You're not avoiding risk. You're reducing your participation in the market. And what that means is that over time, this is going to show up as fewer sats accumulated. Okay. Another another chart we'd look at, you've seen, I've used this one quite often. This is the MVRV score. This is a very common chart we use in Bitcoin. It's one of many, many indicators that you should look at, but it's a one that we use uh very often. Now, what we can see is that when this spikes, it often corresponds with a with a a peak in Bitcoin's price. We can see right here was a peak. It was it was a here was a was a peak when it spiked up here, etc. Now, right here, this green line that I've added is where we put the market price. But now, we can see MVRV is down low. So, if I'm looking at this trying to help me understand when it's expensive or when it's cheap to buy, I can get faked out, especially if I'm looking at one indicator. Now, let's just look at this a little bit deeper. So, what we could see is anytime it's in this green zone down here below zero, that's a really good buying opportunity, but there's lots of other good opportunities that aren't there. This this blue box is the general buying area, and this red box is generally the **[14:08]** area, and this red box is generally the selling area. This is the danger area, this red zone up here. But, as you can see, this indicators have not been working the same historically. And again, you might find yourself out of the market in a secular uptrend like we've been in for a long time. when it moves exponentially, expensive becomes more expensive, right? It keeps getting more and more expensive. So, I sold, it got to the red zone, I sold, but then look how much it kept going up. And it got to the red zone, so I sold. And then look how much it kept going up. And so, we miss out. 2017, 2020, 2021, we miss that. We also get lower total capital deployed at the bottom, which again means fewer sats accumulated over time. We also have a signal lag. So, a lot of these are sort of lagging indicators. And so, by the time the indicators show up, cheap, what used to be cheap uh maybe has passed. We've missed that indicator. Let's go to the third model. This is continuous accumulation. So, one is trying to trade time in and out of the market. The second one is trying to buy more when it's cheap, buy less when it's expensive. The third is just continuous accumulation. Now, this is the least exciting. This is the least discussed, discussed, which is exactly why it works. when everybody's using one model, it probably doesn't work anymore. But the benefits of this are I have full exposure to Bitcoin during those rebound days. Remember, when it just rebounds like it did today or yesterday, like I'm in the market and I get full exposure to that. I don't have to worry about timing risk. I don't have to worry about uh trading drag. I don't have to worry about tax drag, taxable exits. All of that volatility becomes an input for me, not a threat. Now, this idea has worked. As you can see, here's a chart of Tesla. It has made Elon Musk the richest man in the world. And Elon Musk didn't become the richest man in the world because he trades Tesla stock. Look at this. Just since 2021 alone, it's down 42%. It's down 75%, it's down 53%, it's down almost 60%, it's down almost 25%. It's **[16:10]** almost 60%, it's down almost 25%. It's like just as volatile as Bitcoin. But Elon Musk is not trading Tesla stock trying to get more of it. He's become the richest man in the world by just owning Tesla stock, right? Just as volatile, but he didn't trade it. He became wealthy by owning it. It's a owner's mentality. Same thing with Amazon. Look at this. Jeff Bezos, one of the richest men in the world. Here's going back to when it first came out in the 2000 bubble. It crashed hard. Obviously, he didn't try to trade that. And look at how much it's dropped. 60% 70% 33% 33% 30% 30 like look how much has dropped over and over and over and Jeff Bezos became again one of the richest men in the world not because he traded Amazon stock but because he's owned it. They weren't rewarded for trying to time it. They were rewarded for patience. Warren Buffett said if you're not willing to own a stock for 10 years don't even think about owning it for 10 minutes. And it's that mindset that's created multi multi-billionaires. It's ownership over trading. The question that you might be asking yourself is why is it that my scoreboard is trying to get more Bitcoin and not more dollars? Because most people think that Bitcoin is a trade. I've been asked countless times more than I can remember. At what price are you going to sell your Bitcoin, Mark? Sell my Bitcoin for what? For more dollars. Well, here's why I don't want to sell my Bitcoin. It's why I want more Bitcoin. I believe that Bitcoin is a monetary asset. I believe that technology cycles change the world. I believe that we're going through a monetary revolution or financial revolution. I believe that we're going through a technological revolution. And I believe that the way the world is breaking apart right now from a unipolar world to a multipolar world, the only way the world moves forward with global trade, which we need, the only way it works moving forward when trust is broken down is to have some sort of a neutral reserve and payment network. It's the only way. The dollar system's been weaponized and the world is searching for something neutral. Now, they're trying to go back to gold right now today, but the problem with gold is that while I could store it on my own, maybe we can't settle it. It **[18:10]** on my own, maybe we can't settle it. It can't transact across time and space instantly and I have to trust the person that has it. So, I believe that the only way the world works moving forward if we're going to continue to trade, which we need to, is to have a neutral reserve settlement that can settle instantly. Now the question I would ask if you could agree with that with that statement is then if not Bitcoin then what? Now if I'm right, Bitcoin is going to absorb value over the next several decades. This is a chart that I have where I predict by the year 2050. Bitcoin could be the second largest what we call a store of value asset. Real estate still the biggest. Then we have Bitcoin. We have bonds are still here. We have equities. Stocks right here. Money of course here. Gold's down there. We still have other assets, but I believe Bitcoin could become one of the largest. So, the only mistake that really matters to me is not owning enough of it. But let me know what you think about that. If you want to know how I come up with this number, the data behind this number, go ahead and watch this video right here. And then you might want to watch the other vid video about volatility. We'll link to that in the show notes down below. Let me know what you think about this. As I always say, to your success, I'm out.
